joe rogan
artificial intelligence
san francisco
jack ma
navajo nation
dana white
northern ireland
west bengal
david sedaris
arnold schwarzenegger
imran khan
nancy pelosi
boris johnson's
el paso
palestinian authority
north korea
greg abbott
doug ducey
al sharpton
tampa bay
travis county
bexar county
triple crown
las vegas
amc theaters
nigel farage
dow jones
fighting stigma
rbc heritage
el salvador
federal reserve
gavin newsom
jay inslee
eastern cape
mayo clinic
xi jinping
sacramento sheriff
chennai corporation
maple leafs
dan andrews
darwin award
daniel andrews
cross river
joe biden’s
matt hancock
justin thomas
aap mla
justin trudeau
prince charles
bjp mla
hilton head
south sudan
typhoid mary
mitch mcconnell
digital transformation
blood component
lieutenant governor
montgomery county
jurgen klopp
asia pacific
tom hanks
supreme court
gavin williamson
united kingdom
nick cordero
supply chain
jesus christ
sleepy joe
pastor chris
western cape
attorney general
south africa's
andrew cuomo
riverside county
cebu city
belmont stakes
strip club
connor mckenna
san diego
hero cycles
mike pence
brazilian amazon
maricopa county
tim murtaugh
george floyd
angela merkel
european union
philadelphia phillies
nick watney's
carlo ancelotti
gretchen whitmer
cyber attacks
auston matthews
sergio garcia
boris johnson’s
uv light
damned lies
destroy iran
mashrafe mortaza
blue jays
summer solstice
hindustan times
national guard
double standards
kid rock's
civil war
pga tour
zartaj gul
west virginia
liquor license
african union
darwin awards
extinction rebellion
surgeon general
cruise ship
ron desantis
hiv aids
nigerian universities
yahoo finance
jair bolsonaro
joe biden
san antonio
racial divide
amit shah
rory mcilroy
anthony fauci’s
tony fauci
captain crozier
rath yatra
pope francis
jefferson county
steve simmons
south korea
glenmark pharma
sri lanka
johns hopkins
wall street
wisconsin dells
glenmark pharmaceuticals
stanley cup
deep dive
ricky martin
sacramento bee
sourav ganguly
europe suppressed
harbour town
harris county
hardship fund
bay area
dawn butler
middle class
supply chains
miami herald
flu shot
bonny lga
town hall
south asians
miami dade
assisted living
payment account
susan rice
biden proves
aussie rules
du admissions
boris johnson
security council
older adults
hays county
galwan valley
bok center
myrtle beach
machine learning
convalescent plasma
jacinda ardern
unemployment benefits
chris oyakhilome
preventive measures
press secretary
dictator dan
white supremacists
west bank
secret service
jim acosta
north korean
containment zone
middle east
anil baijal
cyber security
hopkins university
phase ii
andhra pradesh
soda bottles
music venues
fc rostov
civil rights
sexual violence
sanjay gupta
african americans
amy klobuchar
princess eugenie
nigerian scientists
arunachal pradesh
nobel prize
grocery stores
ice cream
raghav chadha
aer lingus
younger adults
anthony fauci
infectious diseases
native american
bolton book
child abuse
latin american
dallas county
minority ethnic
reshape architecture
manish sisodia
law enforcement
indoor dining
hand sanitizers
rohingya refugee
costa rica
san bernardino
north east
lord jagannath
vote blue
credit card
san quentin
fergus walsh
cured discharged
glenmark's fabiflu
imperial college
chairman dan
king county
piers corbyn
tuskegee experiment
north carolina
elon musk
red cross
brett crozier
delhi lg
nicola sturgeon
municipal corporation
jim jones
madhya pradesh
united nations
santa clara
south carolina
mexico city
mitigation strategies
kayleigh mcenany
yakima county
software market
nitin gadkari
mass suicide
respected sir
economic outlook
indian army
domestic abuse
clemson athletics
uttar pradesh
chip kelly
tamil nadu
nick watney’s
white supremacy
digital marketing
indigenous peoples
delhi cm
deborah birx
lead researcher
sourav ganguly’s
rivers state
swine flu
john hopkins
miss rona
business insider
akwa ibom
south asian
permit suspended
amc theatres
rt pcr
tucker carlson
prime minister
cruise lines
pm modi
oil prices
bruce springsteen
allah’s book
satyendar jain
obadiah moyo
city council
sports illustrated
amazon indigenous
blood clots
russian roulette
seasonal flu
premier league
vice president
hong kong
bull shit
latin america
growth opportunities
nail salons
pm imran
sears tower
trendz newsbd
mother nature
toll exceeds
racial injustice
gillon mclachlan
global warming
african american
himachal pradesh
kansas city
pink eye
lessons learned
palm beach
al jazeera
fee waiver
american airlines
kate middleton
spanish flu
stays ahmedabad’s
super spreaders
silent majority
executive director
racism amidst
sacramento county
hoshino gen
cares act
ppe kits
beijing locks
uss roosevelt
mohammad shaikh
shinning object
tele icus
ashley bloomfield
investment bank
money laundering
rishi sunak
conor mckenna
double standard
white supremacist
tax payers
nick watney
lynika strozier
tsa whistleblower
puerto rico
toilet plumes
stable genius
research institute
los angeles
performing arts
rajya sabha
institutional isolation
bunker boy
photo op
miami mayor
real estate
weight loss
aircraft carrier
assistance program
bed capacity
hand sanitizer
clinical trial
armed forces
police officer
amanda kloots
narendra modi
scare tactics
sourav ganguly's
nbc sports
theodore roosevelt
clinical trials
overseas pakistanis
conor mckenna's
plasma therapy
cyber attack
private sector
breeding ground
aarogya setu
fade quickly
essendon melbourne
voluntary workouts
disaster management
fatality rate
ncdc announces
kansas state
leo varadkar
inside wuhan
dengue fever
pm cares
crude oil
game changers
max hospital
webinar series
market growth
lagos discharges
training camp
hazard allowance
cell phone
baton rouge
nih halts
umahi shuts
south east
stockman calls
florida keys
southern california
blood plasma
oyo state
federal prisons
kidney failure
pentecostal church
face shields
blm antifa
elder brother
governor newsom
viral load
field museum
op ed
harsh vardhan
la county
south african
god bless
cruisin chubbys
prone positioning
zip code
saudi arabia
pasco county
police officers
central bank
super spreader
director general
coin shortage
restart plans
great depression
exposure notification
hand washing
road trip
phoenix passes
maharashtra police
conspiracy theories
big pharma
middle school
summer heat
vp pence
sunday morning
police station
world cup
children’s hospital
consumer preferences
victorian premier
happy juneteenth
online classes
jack ma's
higher education
indigenous communities
indian soldiers
google ads
smart ring
west baltimore
history books
reproduction rate
navy upholds
hunger games
kool aid
bcci president
vaccine trials
orange county
lt governor
wuhan lab
solar eclipse
slow motion
early detection
north american
disney world
executive order
press release
mmr vaccine
education secretary
tedros adhanom
happy birthday
commodities news
wartime measures
nasser mohammad
domestic violence
atlanta united
expresses disappointment
worst humanitarian
record highs
wild west
red zone
nafees iqbal
herd immunity
contact tracers
federal agency
ha ha
fda approved
fourth weekend
systemic racism
virtual reality
ogun suspends
count surpasses
mobile phone
blood type
international airport
google settings
long overdue
presidential election
police brutality
mass murder
exposure logging
free speech
panic attacks
socially distanced
survey finds
private workouts
bye bye
panic attack
intensive care
relief fund
checks widen
left wing
plot twist
hot spots
bucs players
supplies scandal
short term
primary school
settings privacy
south australia
risk assessment
arvind kejriwal
exposure notifications
association study
modi launches
medical center
personal responsibility
north america
chief minister
heart attacks
death clock
protective equipment
medical equipment
lab rats
tally nears
postpone neet
ghost town
sickle cell
metro area
north west
major league
infectious disease
ny times
liability waivers
mid march
ctv news
electoral college
incubation period
human rights
world bank
risk factors
bernard jenkin
emergency financing
communications director
fear mongering
median age
northern italy
mask wearers
white house
underlying conditions
guinea pigs
stock market
scientists discover
inter miami
survey shows
exponential growth
eu leaders
foreign profits
petri dishes
air cooler
vaccine tracker
saturday afternoon
fact checking
hospitality industry
paulinho paiakan
dear lord
antibody tests
death certificates
housing market
bolton's book
international flights
uss theodore
governor desantis
tally crosses
restrictions ease
international flight
till date
venn diagram
federal judge
flip flops
summer camp
working remotely
pharmaceutical company
south africa
developing countries
peer reviewed
minimum wage
free trial
food bank
apple google
peaceful protesters
european strain
civil unrest
arsenal fans
daily mail
ticket requests
respiratory failure
big brother
air force
yrs ago
theme parks
stay tf
republican governors
western countries
open letter
remain vigilant
vaccine ended
ogun state
sky news
stewart haas
high court
county sheriff
senior citizens
health secretary
million dollar
council approves
news network
survival rate
wet markets
racial justice
denton county
health dept
retail stores
kyrgyzstan tightens
densely populated
live stream
virus survivors
waste water
francisco giants
upholds firing
member states
governor cuomo
imam nasser
nbc news
fox business
owned businesses
success story
registered nurse
fun fact
sporting events
nashville bar
quarantine procedures
basketball league
puri district
registers record
risk factor
fucktrump fucktrump
hot weather
dear leader
national security
delhi ncr
kid rock’s
dr fauci
mortality rate
clemson university
santa barbara
hit hardest
meat plants
football workouts
united states
gentlemen's club
mashrafe bin
german slaughterhouse
close proximity
tick tock
poor children
julian assange
mortality rates
crowd size
mandating masks
rioters looters
pay attention
nfl season
dear mr
positivity rate
border controls
institutional quarantine
maga hat
fg receives
refugee camp
antibody testing
washington post
health officer
holy fuck
convention center
large scale
apple closes
press briefing
stimulus package
railway employees
anil baijal's
wild animals
medical professionals
international yoga
press conference
democrat governor
tipping point
scandal plagued
farm workers
silver lining
stress hormone
job losses
face coverings
arizona sheriff
greta thunberg
hate usa
processing plant
general election
kalyan rozgar
fox news
bin mortaza
student athlete
data driven
clean water
protester arrested
gareeb kalyan
boycott china
conspiracy theorists
juneteenth celebration
ncdc confirms
communist party
irs expands
swimming pool
healthy teen
nirbhar bharat
meat plant
phillies players
speedy recovery
democratic hoax
senior week
democrat party
atma nirbhar
mid july
low income
white trash
isolation centre
garib kalyan
social security
air pollution
reality check
abc news
mild illness
unemployment insurance
fucking kidding
rozgar abhiyaan
hidden soldiers
jeremy corbyn's
lung damage
restaurant owner
pro sports
young adults
siouxsie wiles
donate blood
sports leagues
dcgi nod
stimulus checks
dumb fucks
strip clubs
temporarily closes
mlb closes
remote working
nigeria confirms
conspiracy theory
sars cov
washington county
small business
refugee crisis
malaria drug
refugee children
poll ratings
special guest
death certificate
air bridge
recovery fund
game changer
president xi
human trials
icu bed
private school
apple store
holy crap
cruise ships
news flash
personal protective
tracking apps
apple stores
moving forward
natural selection
edo state
relief package
republican governor
disabled women
apple closing
indoor arena
pregnant women
world series
pro life
private equity
i’m afraid
online shopping
southern states
latin america’s
grocery store
state department
european scientist
south west
migrant workers
mouth breathers
precautionary measures
pm modi’s
police reform
affiliate link
human beings
god forbid
floyd protests
abruptly dropped
south america
questions answered
customer service
buccaneers players
based violence
sounded alarm
death counts
officials warn
alcohol permits
holy shit
coup failed
world beating
cult followers
task force
shaking hands
foreign nationals
hawaii
meat packing
quarantine centres
farmers market
lagos state
navy inquiry
small businesses
meat factory
warm weather
migrant farmworkers
fear porn
healthcare professionals
university exams
donald trump’s
live blog
world war
bucs
adam
tories
maga morons
iraq
common flu
low cost
news vartta
florida bar
whitmer
economic times
dear sir
online learning
mr president
pbs
retail sales
sports teams
fitness tracker
962,880 projections
temporarily occupying
green light
kuwait
mcconnell
mental health
threat level
antiviral drug
movie theater
dow
nejm
cm
tokyo
seattle
fresno
youtube channel
repost
philadelphia
aap
setup facebook
socially distance
iphone users
rnc
fled war
key players
neil
mecca
nigerians
train wreck
superspreader event
nys
animal charities
october
cooper
running rampant
security guards
egypt
vegas
college football
hc
roundup
sen
afp
victorian government
imf
virginia
nairobi
dawn
toronto
islamabad
chaz
toilet paper
daca
co2
npr
federal prosecutor
australian government
cult leader
facebook marketer
bjp
ccp
delhi govt
tiz
atlanta
kenya
nz
surgical mask
mainland china
amc
brad
tn
va
dc
ons
bame
clearwater
psa
action plan
mid september
lg
niger
ondo
state pension
fossil fuel
rna
can’t breathe
afghan
bangalore
spreading fast
tedros
cuban
japanese
unga president
cbse
unicef
nyc
shake hands
dj
wetangula
study finds
ben
catholic
federal govt
jordan
nascar
ii
tory government
ph
kentucky
stephen
vancouver
saudi
lancet
anti viral
n95 masks
indonesia
srinagar
cardiff
uganda
zinc
ford
ufc
fda
arnold
lsu football
belgium
iot
long term
houston
free press
lady narrates
odisha
larry
isolation beds
ky
gmt
medical supplies
miller
typhoid
august
automotive
dallas
flash
netherlands
justin
defence force
ahmedabad
syria
deep state
emirates
jee
cebu
meat processing
medicare
nbc
oyo
gazette
colorado
jewish
wsj
turkish
ducey
nov
eric
£ 11m
edo
qatar
iq
pelosi
sage
phoenix
scotland
indiana
modi
snake oil
singh
cleveland
msm
local business
scott
victorian
living wages
essential worker
heart disease
taiwan
jeff
nigerian
social justice
henry
mars
european
gavin
hiv
mps
clemson players
mets
xi
fauci admits
perfect storm
face shield
enugu
ottawa
cv
chicken pox
customer care
massachusetts
beer license
london
fbi
boston
fg
dem
tracing apps
berlin
n95 mask
truck drivers
roy
november
dabo
steve
disneyland
mary
cue
venice
liverpool
pence
thailand
world map
laughing stock
magazine
johnson
rs 2,200
pune
cuba
ohio
pink
bokcenter
stay tuned
marc
jason
english
vic
missouri
saves lives
patrick
wilson
industrial
okla
cnbc
oregon
mizoram
matt
david
netflix
trudeau
honolulu
lee
pcr
reimpose restrictions
sharpton
milan
sc
israel
darwin
latinos
yemen
mayo
feb
dave
paul
edinburgh
jr
iii
icymi
eu
ct
special report
dan
utah
lung function
portland
pharmaceutical
lmfao
trumpsupporters
tory
taylor
android
blood pressure
california gov
punjab
ppp
mp
sunday
iowa
mexico
welsh
whatsapp
hamilton
mit
irish
rob
feel betrayed
buccaneers
boulder
sweden
kerala
chip
championship
maria
linkedin
brain cells
britain
australians
electric
kayleigh
scots
qyhvojjr66
newsom
manipur
ada
quality control
az
uae
national statistics
hcq
hancock
nsw
canada u.s
factcheck
health ministry
sergio
bob
indian territory
jacksonville
dubai
pa
charlotte
public transport
mar
england
chair
ed
monday
birx
melbourne
lil
rajasthan govt
premier daniel
iit
tennis
nih
nhl
iraq's doctors
lakh mark
manatee
manfred
api
louisiana
ut
tennessee
richard
puri
hydroxychloroquine study
haryana
wa
manila
brexit
pennsylvania
thankyou
alaska
chris
ai
thursday
telemedicine
corporation
espn
experts weigh
oregon church
oxford
overview
wfp
turkey
morocco
beer gardens
nba
children’s
brady
dna
january
bush
michigan
pompeo
forex
christmas
anna
pakistanis
indians
asian
survivor
arteta
au
minneapolis
ncdc
peaceful protest
amy
blog post
italy's
bolsonaro
book club
elizabeth
karachi
dominic
sheffield
pogba
brian
edmonton
severe acute
healthy teenager
fb
ncaa
sciences
high quality
harvard
ucla
dec
arsenal
paris
mumbai
lebanon
scamdemic
childcare centers
kurdistan
russia
allah
indian
nrl
singapore
ukraine
february
mike
sugar
peru
deadline
east asia
bloomberg
miami
nc
japan
ceo
food markets
france
mitch
dangerous phase
vulnerable populations
sturgeon
index
med
bond
chennai
farage
chamber
aw
peter
kansas
cannabis
robert
treasury
nagar
capitol
secretly installed
tiger
pentagon
wales
bernie
disney
bristol
imo
austin
britain's
maryland
ga
boise bars
delta
william
mercury
lyft
depraved
commentary
alex
schwarzenegger
covid19aus
boycott
german
fema
australia's
kennedy
fdny
max
george
ecoin
dells
smith
abia
tucker
eastern
wanna visualize
sudan
ryan
dems
charlie
gov't
fl
russian
mosquito
sec
shocker
welp
icu
tally climbs
training facility
cybersecurity
commission
benghazi
i’ll
television
morgan
delhi’s
allegations
haiti
vaccine candidate
sam
dumb ass
british
marijuana
mega stimulus
zimbabwe
lucknow
congratulations
nazis
ireland
dhec
sydney
uttarakhand
lewis
beijing’s
worcester
gary
laura
coimbatore
bolton
migration
williams
daniel
kevin
kejriwal opposes
greece
wednesday
alabama
ghana's
darwinism
hollywood
instagram
moscow
louis
prizes
grande
auckland
charles
loser
abbott
diamond
nba players
uv
ted
nigeria records
montreal
defence
mi
colombia
afghanistan
mississippi
maine
beijing's
hyderabad
submit
islam
gen
entrepreneur
bihar
minnesota
rs
yakima
oral antiviral
vegan
gujarat
disability
pres
rajasthan
sars
illinois
hillary
mckinsey
holy
filipinos
dear god
georgia
putin
frank
county's
invisible enemy
gandhi
virgin
ag
magats
high streets
detroit
rangers
harry
alan
killing americans
u.k
cbn
city's
tom
delaware
sore throat
d.c
tri
engineering
vietnam
swiss
polis
permanently lift
tuesday
b.c
health authority
neet
st
bs
black men
double digit
wisconsin
september
local governments
boom
news roundup
forum
jackson
philippines
dw news
leo
phone disruptions
unlock
royal
kent
orlando
foods
bahrain
lagos
japanese travelers
founder
joint
saved lives
greek
analytics
stood tall
asia
euronews
ann
walker
highly contagious
tim
petri dish
cotton
affairs
healthoverexams
ali
tourism industry
nepal
restraint
oyakhilome
hub city
apr
kingdom
healthcare worker
fri
neo
nancy
ebonyi
trail
alberta
diet
america’s
intervention
formula
cuomo
defense
assembly
chile
murray
bihar taking
allah’s
poland
massacre
kano
cbs
republican
travis
domain
tampa
jonathan
steam
independence
jacinda
conspiracy theorist
fintech
cummings
french
cia
approaching 50,000
chinese communist
ft
museum
van
decision makers
metro
chelsea
dietary
gauteng
bell
klopp
congrats
bhubaneswar
specialist
scroll
calgary
pearl
yankees
china's
dfa
imperial
outlook
ray
chicago
epl
jerusalem
raab
saint
sanders
yahoosports
rki
mitigation
il
vid
tigers
regulator
andrews
idaho
dragon
captain brett
deception
forest
academy
heck
iran
susan
qanons
anchorage
soros
surgical masks
kit
protective shield
considerations
olympic
whistleblower
sun
lincoln
native
canadian
tigerland
irs
seth
democratic
bible
nflpa
nevada
goddamn
glenmark
telangana
facebook
physics
jared
claims debunked
mobile testing
jurgen
malaysia
aids
anime
communist
american citizen
visualization
discharges
total active
hindi
rivers
owner describes
amazon
jane
oman
federal minister
biden’s
pete
rick
niagara
rats
christian
gene
score
rep
nagaland
coronaupdate
valley
congo
copper
ppe
air conditioning
rt
chop
madrid
mega
sheet
pilot
cartoon
chronicle
dnc
congestion
inslee
jose
emergency response
advocacy
astros
ni
square
tpm
del
keith
indore
nicola
angel
recovery rate
demi
chinese mainland
african
flamingo
bharat
yale
muhammad
dbanjsuspended
fox
springs
friday night
tusla
mon
seoul
khan
bournemouth
ramaphosa
christopher
fridayvibes
dunn
matthew
commander
montgomery
robust evidence
tap
hypocrite
subject
teen
carbon
10,074 recoveries
prince
ajimobi
ac
birthday party
james
parliament
vatican
mercedes
welfare
pope
can’t afford
jon
carl
tbh
exceeds
nightingale
indonesian
toni
bye
ethiopia
lord
clinton
thomas
doug
piper
commissioner
gates
giants
provincial
tulsa's
canberra
hr
vice
geopolitics
jesus
genetic
chan
rachel
antifa
juneteenth
dengue
simon
thrive
kumar
president’s
presence
biological
athletics
thankful
wayne
congress
democrat
glenmark launches
john
mmr
solstice
greg
italian
martin
senate
socialist
video conference
hispanic laborers
school girls
cognitive problems
tsa
civil liberties
listing
i’d
hot spot
rock
grab
champion
false positives
cdc’s
clark
samsung
april
economics
mlb
prime
bruh
hubei
bull
disorder
jazz
stem
nhs
school closures
queensland
germany's
perth
chubbys
aviation
safety measures
excellent
tiktok
da
arizona casinos
common cold
n95 respirator
praise
brazil's
kings
meat factories
pr
chocolate
inequality
deep cleaning
jeremy
25th amendment
food delivery
el
reuters
brooks
refugee camps
andrew
barr
penske
visayas
tyson
mesa
trap
meditation
laboratory
ny
uk’s
avenue
rosie
ticket holders
compliance
lisa
latino
prashant
tyranny
nazi
hindu
july
student nurses
cap
political affiliation
gold
visual
plea
joseph
cnn's
stan
jews
l.a
ron
lib
paying attention
rant
leafs
vacant
distress
bbc news
zyrhfx4yd8
express
blood types
karnataka
arkansas
radio
nashville
tv
kashmir
ontario
joe
gallery
jaw dropping
california's
chancellor
absolute moron
ptf
w.h.o
liability waiver
kim
cnn
network
china’s
asymptomatic carriers
america's
apocalypse
manhattan
gofundme
drug regulator
pharma
hispanics
friendly reminder
rape
unions
rostov
baltimore
observer
foundation
environmental
borders closed
bangladesh
grace
michael
klandemic
gay
ratings
belmont
philippine
gupta
covididiots
secretly
blm
usa
athletes hurts
tayyip
glenn
ashtuite
terminator
udupi
bauchi
cnntravel
mining
rolling average
vp
prayer
turin
grand
gm
rio
kelly
bruce
zoom
bailout
fingers crossed
europe
la
gop
governor ron
pakistan
universal
leftist
fantasy
pls share
cyprus
steel
physician
mc
master
covidiot
england's
ice
fitness
gross
hilton
saves
secretary
central government
bin
galwan
seo
italy
hall
crypto
sean
fred
emily
marco
maritime
ab
ultimate
derek
duke
yahoofinance
marcos
moore
brisbane
sin
cole
ghana’s
maga
nebraska
participant
nfl
historically
qanon
geneva
guessing
sincerely
ons report
brazilian
bird
dutch
wood
pulse
teenage
germany
warriors
pushes
genius
police force
cbc
tony
n95
bts
coward
glasgow
steven
northwestern
scientific evidence
wfh
jimmy
vanityfair
rod
joel
final daily
yea
sat
blackhawks
franklin
linda
scottish
newsletter
organic
hawleymo
assam
boris
indianexpress
brie
inspector
indiatvnews
tracing app
telegraph
gulf
identity
rte
pastor
gombe
ethiopian
sahara
peruvian
chairman
realestate
dick
anger
glenmark’s
andhra
salt
remote
telehealth
forbes
island
hospitalized patients
cruisin
business owners
tw
expo
guaranteed
potus
mario
cricket
tuskegee
hop
pub
summertime
committee
obama
tyler
islanders
gentlemen
bobby
q
chinese
railway
cnnpolitics
mirror
northeast
edt
equity
socioeconomic
msnbc
priest
wine
continuous cough
sewage water
association
alpha
hillsborough
harris
vehicle
starmer
mortgage
→ active
structural
vox
transportation
kiwi
abuja
outrageous
mount
hassan
airlines
rwanda
ganjam
health systems
kyrgyzstan
mclachlan
keto
toll nears
covid diaper
2m rule
drops
wrestling
chicken factory
author
american
sa
biden presents
mohfw_india
maui
china’s capital
denver
epic
riding
vaccine trial
florida's
yoga
naija
manchester
executive
landscape
yuma
polio
sewage systems
brooklyn
carnival
children's
burger
labour
brazil’s
mini
entertainment
zombie
registers
ivanka
consulting
plain
google apple
patent
quarter
queen
they’re coming
historic
roosevelt
fc
housing
os
bonny
ladies
black owned
amanda
injury
admiral
veterans
oann
could’ve removed
soda
library
wolf
automation
nigeria’s
idk
authority
texas
clemson
marine
alternate
nuclear
constitution
billy
islamic
crystal
bengal
coronaoutbreak
oil
legend
advanced
diana
deeply concerned
plandemic
inflammatory
angela
nba's
rents
66,16,496 samples
bryan
marshall
sheikh
india's
register
bulletin
season ticket
cabin
consumer
nope
testing kits
b2b
gov
cdt
republican party
brace
connected
soccer
pre existing
independent
donald trump's
australian
superspreader
jerry
ultraviolet
wired
blm movement
palace
economic fallout
lake
es
plz
villages
dude
hats
sequencing
blockchain
indigenous
buhari
sisters
tense
beware
manish
pg
covid19tracking
canada
reds
ogun
isolation center
fact check
contract tracing
roberts
ap
repeat
palm
council
rice
senrickscott
america
timing
springfield
lions
startup
mutations
jack
ghana
homeland
corps
boomer
applications
shower
goodbye
california
devices
florida’s
wwg1wga
ballot
al
joy
newborn
temple
wastewater
march
empire
sigh
breaking
pm
tee
nyt
victoria
ecology
contactless
yakima_herald
sewage samples
murderer
republicans
cdc
essendon
western
health minister
wendy
oahu
est
inclusion
directs
abraham
lynn
frontliners
connect
easter
jake
desantis
memorial
pregnant
fauci
goodness
merkel
journal
wrap
leeds
dumbasses
wore masks
king
bok
deaths exceed
dashboard
india
heart attack
photos
cowboys
koolaid
title
yikes
detention
corner
heath
mechanical
schooling
discovery
yahoo
bang
mas
fade
autonomous
bombay
internet
bless
wuhan virus
sustainable
development bank
livestream
nationals
malala
christ
washington state
spotlight
rages
jd
egg
stay informed
casinos
ad
inc
parking lot
politico
anderson
milwaukee
trevor
shine
temporarily closing
unit
bunker
epstein
jones
bank
presidential
multi
kota
amendment
abc
productivity
india’s
china africa
rival
wuhanvirus
generic
women's
lane
afl
basics
chemical
trafficking
investigation
sani
cessation
exchange
lowest rate
companies repatriated
tourism sector
army
china
legislation
lifestyle
festival
fia
status update
toll hits
mall
contributing
devil
cruise
printed
trademark
gene pool
intelligence
union
chuck
britain announces
mla
biden
diagnostics
fiscal
washington
discover
⛳ ️
washington times
rare
oc
dame
extend
manipulating
lightning players
angels
airline
pga
york city
bo1v87xueg
medscape
americans
columbia
insanity
rona
tobacco
massage
purple
grad
cholera
false pandemic
saturday
university
packaging
eid
twitter account
spotted
blows past
australia
hub
communists
syndrome
soap
las
hunting
kudos
projections
cannon
monthly
yo
farmworkers
abc7
rs 50,000
porn
fascist
banning
birmingham
polling places
iron
east
enforcement
navajo
thr
operation
vera
irishtimes
bcci
oklahoma
shri
sindh
wartime
ski
heroes act
huff
river
logo
sexdonerightin5words
mcmaster didn’t
commerce
underground
savage
engagement
thermal
municipal
wh
teenager dies
kin
harmony
sea
rugby
comedy
bbc
temperature checks
branch
corporate
cyanide
judge
tree
ne
confusion
apple
washyourhands
farmers
restrictions tightened
florida
victoria tightens
maskssavelives
england’s
cells
nelson
rip
aoc
pig
memphis
chiefs
lmao
advocate
compensation
robust
garcia
skip
channel
fourth highest
princess
brown
lsu
constitutional
boone
respected
sanctions
producer
novartis halts
news coverage
spirit
biology
juvenile
crozier
railways
jammu
stunning
portal
depends
pride
spokesman
af
ellie
artist
katie
patients discharged
spain
web
lawmaker
betting
stones
liar
unknown author
melbourne match
bolivia
rapid
amateur
advertising
islands
peace
ivory
apocalyptic
alley
alert
personal care
pima
bonus
evangelical
liberal
institute
mask mandate
wuhan
korea
icus
pat
voter suppression
motor
tf
download
food supply
friday
containment zones
sixth
rap
age group
noble
undercover
frame
bizarro world
docs
libraries
hire
pla
mmr2kfc0ix
complex
don
africa
hidden
malls
coincidence
donald john
equality
sale
hospitality
prediction
news24
respirator
higher rates
gentle
navy
hum
sword
rn
fights
wat
agencies
vast majority
investing
childhood vaccine
convention
prophecy
held accountable
jim
wildlife trade
racing
penn
hitler
switch
heritage
kate
temperature screening
onne community
axios
estimated
november 3rd
beauty
permit
echo
reporters
sweet
god
li
football club
world's
impact analysis
democrats
pot
uk
⤵ ️
slave
worldometer
asians
december
brandon
rihanna
fantastic
pressures
user
tamilnadu
lung transplant
reshape world
hint
latin
city’s
safety protocols
ccpvirus
health insurance
afl match
assisted
charter
discharge
sarah
comic
progressive
nasal
urgently
drug trial
kno
android phone
ku
student athletes
fix stupid
flower
tribal
coal
training facilities
nigel
palestinian
kejriwal
phillies
fauci’s
cruz
ambani
trading
mutual
jolt
malaria
horse
lock downs
britons
swimming
zartaj
rabbit
temporarily close
bio
rebound
cloth masks
whitehouse
10k recoveries
id
arizona
albany
atm
investors
sharp
jet
judicial
dw
graphic
banking
athlete
dedicated
target
jail
radiation
insight
guest
series
americas
republic
rohingya
rory
teacher
twitter
projectlincoln
grassroots
agency
efficacy
reader
herbal
clothing
cyberattack
anti science
bust
tag
brazil
indie
austerity
ken
cuttack
plagues
professor
tigerland bars
sheriff
beef
youtube
ian
witness
bloody
49ers player
winner
beyoncé
cs
nobel
mil
beijing
cyber
sanjay
finance
hispanic
witch
predictive
tribune
ace
sp
golden
federation
engineer
comprehensive
mountain
sri
world refugee
jain
port
truth
leap
maharashtra
surgical
edition
park
twenty
gma
sexual
herald
japan’s
gas
dictator
adventure
investment
indiafightscorona
pen
dear
google
international
gate
geography
distancing norms
tension
pet
startups
hot zone
u.s
dept
alcohol
lighting
spectator
der
dry
test kit
guide
theme
lets
digest
favipiravir
secret recording
ec
chronic
mission
employment
remind
study shows
gym
tanzania
spanish
dollar
industries
andre
jakarta
southeast
film industry
ole
bachelor
congressional
trump
cards
hypertension
urdu
guilty
impeachment failed
reminder
opposition
greta
quebec
fetal
freeze
salons
latino communities
farming
memo
eligibility
toy
stone
citi
machines
rain
als
ifb
credit
tricks
uk's
surveillance
pittsburgh
santa
glenmark's
wise
usa today
expectations
smh
foxnews
agreed
bloomfield
comfort
exp
examiner
timmurtaugh
gender
constitutional rights
junior
lovely
mckenna
duval
san
blog
srilanka
colleges
delighted
sonam
typical
cherry
sci
meets
battery
coronafest
secrecy
prophet
clown
influenza
size
twin
i’ve
teamtrump
crossing
sponsored
si
wearable
stay strong
retweet
auto
literature
coronavirusupdate
cdc guidelines
atlantic
voluntarily assume
low turnout
firms
kick
explore
tube
bitcoin
police arrest
amitshah
healthyfla
nana
liberal media
abs
ma
image
mo
dining
cats
alarming
introduce
electronic
billions
lacks
central
reset
house parties
attend duty
large gatherings
engine
acc
north
justice
stanford
golf
livelihood opportunities
nigeria
penny
damn
secure
duck
lab
singer
chief
bath
god’s
rudy
kkk
strictly
study suggests
brett
los
arab
wealth
funeral
updated
mason
territories
multiple yankees
administration drops
developments
parish
what’s
warfare
urban
wef
anthony
safety guidelines
mayor
govt warns
storm
matthews
abu
covidiots
solidarity
tea
digital
ndtv
fund
seeking
cytokine
glad
growth rate
flushing
deputy
wire
nova
ventura
durham
transformation
impeachment
doctor
feed
fest
premier
meme
combined
nasty
✌ ️
traditional
accident
private hospitals
agricultural
weather
mr
pack
fed
election mode
nurse
robot
opportunities
hills
chin
tally reaches
wi
jun
wonderful
monster
collection
terrorism
vi
certificate
i’m
rose
mayors
orange
uni
layer
un
funny
trumps
blm protestors
infections surge
revolution
span
test tubes
trump’s
rainbow
peep
fa
headquarters
parcel
steroids
childcare
tour
voices
shah
windsor
aussie
corbyn
j
tower
reimposes restrictions
socially distancing
celebrity
myths
safety rules
floyd
jam
subscribe
diabetic
blues
ing
swamp
strikes
creative
red hats
memory loss
attorney
eligible
turning point
fail
mexican
tongue
aap government
earth
pregnancy
sacramento
☝ ️
researchers
nail
dog
le
delhi
beverage
inhibitor
villain
lemon
patron
legislative
adjust
black lives
parade
flotus
francis
partnership
sunak
today’s
doesn’t exist
activists launch
district
depression
se
publish
surgeon
explanatory statement
tape
dr
food factories
forecast
loot
spraying
boarding
bow
clinical
resistance
praying
sanitizer
highlight
leicester
phillies close
hill
webb
covidhoax
workplace
hike
color
eve
wild evening
harassment
week's
routine
officer
brothers
businessinsider
confinement
yorkshire
delhi minister
calm
moral
shots
replace
piers
ani
box
⚽ ️
glass
trauma
vaccination
wtf
date
you’d
trends
giant novartis
relationship
texastribune
rescueorg
privacy
polling place
hilariously weak
pos
reshape
draw
min
agents
maga cult
buyers
ar
board
container house
we’ll
marriage
spectrum
scam
poll
diabetes
rogue
material
loans
rich
dis
innovation
shuts schools
health department
watch
exit
inflation
saturday morning
thou
you’ve
fiverr
golfers
head coach
links
hero
national institute
morons
indian startups
strange
county juvenile
breast
mountains
punk
klan rally
jefferson
brain dead
lg's
coronapalooza
labor
electrical
phillyinquirer
carroll
art
ganguly
click
hot
mortality
hackers
enterprises
wow
rescue
operators
bend
cc
civil
crown
reviewed
homeless
quit
madness
abia govt
acosta
detailed
hazard
agent
continent
powered
herpes
immigrant
software
cheap
banks
paso county
ebola
sol
trigger diabetes
bone
resist
personality
technology unit
create
director
shi
jay
joebiden
core
nhsengland
ghana records
mill
sanctuary
cup
humanitarian
adapt
median
matthancock
photo
red
loop
communicate
belt
dance
spin
camera
klopp slams
tank
they’ve
main
rubber
hey
social distance
road
global
journalist
ha
note
general
tesla
crimes
21st century
irony
biblical
alert level
councils
basketball
unique
shark
president donald
healing
scientist
awesome
utc
politicizing
condolences
threatens
study ties
center
pump
journalismisdead
employee
activists
bbcworld
province
bexar
juan
graham
bostonglobe
holland
elephant
tip
managing
defy
seal
pl
join
dcgi
monitor
governors
simpson
dogs
pti_news
imagine
eat
faqs
trumprallytulsa
recipe
poker
flee
nitishkumar
harsh
corona
tamil
op
20pm est
flat
incident
seafood
grocery
eff
ra
incredibly
photographer
episode
fakenews
films
bridge
solar
capital
justify
protesters rioters
fuel
sir
posted
case count
governor
pga’s
spreads inland
lambs
tribes
overseas
customer
simmons
signed waivers
conflict
victory
pm narendra
local authorities
traders
appeal
million tickets
mainstream media
bike
happy
strip
asset
severe illness
therapy
adapting
annual
prisons
stayhome
coalition
wars
president jair
rural areas
raw
president
grow
minister
conference
aging
ant
people’s
breathe
instant
amid fears
ruling
embassy
migrant worker
ncr
rome
couple
marketing
education
fried
lock
rescue package
chinaliedpeopledied
traffic levels
market
lady
onne
case counts
democratic party
south florida
shock
_ _
marching
pac
pie
animal
metric
portrait
trailing
hydroxychloroquine
heroes
con
southwest
finish
temporarily loses
chi
throat
wall
johnson’s
colorado’s
group workouts
guinea
cr
champions
beast
bay
landmark
→ critical
enterprise
meet
fabiflu
stronger
cbs news
desert
plastic
younger
legacy
ave
regional
deals
daily
arizonans
regions
green
cable
wen
consecutive days
hypocrisy
ingrahamangle
pharmaceuticals
fresh air
lightning
bright
amazing
doom
fairy
mac
india sees
governance
dramatic
adopt
poetry
contact tracing
dental
fr
domestic
trans
farm
mercy
liability
6,000 jobs
criminals
rt world
andy
racist pos
killer
church
florida gov
we’ve
falls
secondwave
rocks
sport
theft
blood group
hello
insiders
heartfelt
costa
wash
immigration
psychology
desantis blames
paper
wwe
award
weaker
powerful
operator
integrated
code
secrets
refugee
alt
frontline
stock
evidence based
saturdaymotivation
acute
editor
nigerians refused
et
skynews
bulls
test subjects
petition
stakes
citizen
windows
shake
chartered flight
excuse
national
elon
athletic
key
i'd
grant
⚾ ️
theater
cov
amit
presidency
prisoners
stat
pcr tests
finished
bot
safety precautions
muslims
socialdistancing
section
johns
bags
educate
oncology
govt
⚖ ️
device
project
professionals
pubs
spring training
coping
afl player
hysteria
hhsgov
communication
opinion
listen
filipinos abroad
intellectual life
rogan
trillions
component
systemic
noticias
here’s
proof
zip codes
aberdeen
zoo
thirteen
artificial
tax
emerging
beating
star
united
grim
infrastructure
moron
command
daily briefings
july 4th
foster
hawaii sees
collaboration
anglesey
essendon's
icu beds
common sense
hip
essential services
sailing
makers
blue
bbcnews
ba
networks
wondering
ashamed
overflow crowd
developer
publicity
tracking
dexamethasone
evolution
govrondesantis
critical care
black
mass gatherings
babies
fix
dig
pls
hong
huffpost
exist anymore
exploding
des
sm
surface
update
pmoindia
dg_nta
evening
stayhomesavelives
band
pollution
webmd
tx
amidst
urges
hospitalization
amctheatres
senators
interesting
today's
batch
centre
special session
targets
read
conservative
treasure
wildlife
solutions
ships
presssec
health district
admissions
stigma
clementi
mahdi
gillon
fuck
sign
price
suicide
fu
games begin
analysis
nightmare
cross
monkey
yeah
dana
crime
mcenany
fucks
itsm
mans
submits
pro
sector
thread
ncdc records
vitamin
factors
dangers
resort
predict
bridges
topics
fathers
press
sentinel
stayed home
rahul
foreclosure
metropolitan
humanrights
mcmaster
maricopacounty
counter
cabinet
riverside
differences
evictions
research shows
oklahoma supreme
shame
court
exceed 19,000
edge
bait
highlights
imran
lgbtq
johnson's
hongkong
pacific
donate
klan
minimize
evaluation
stimulus
donaldtrump
sporting
dumb asses
emails
wear
gardens
fortune
eating
culture
burning
drrpnishank
attraction
economictimes
terrence
novartis
critics
incredible
sales
tips
korean hackers
warning
sky
warm
i'll
saturdayvibes
fat
ok
permanently
child care
workforce
inter
wild
cam
cuomo holds
acting
kkk rally
brother piers
gain
worsen
supermarket
donald
quality
moon
situation reports
pop
sunshine
surprise
play ball
milestone
prison
headlines
smartnews
conor
thunberg
ro
microsoft
courts
timeline
desperate
dad
june 29th
tech
hour
robots
window
big polluters
comeback
childhood
bias
search
economic collapse
pm edt
preferences
high school
bells
korean
technology
interior
false information
growth
assessment
triple
trending news
religious
skin
procurement
danielandrewsmp
honestly
woods
southern
let’s
du
brazilian president
prescription
creature
exemption
antibiotic
great
likewise
lol
religion
sweat
smartphones
anti racism
bombers
couples
campbell
stay alert
kpop
nba’s
speakerpelosi
block
platforms
who's
georgia’s
medium
media outlets
check
permits
permanently changed
quote
threats
m
dead americans
tiny
grey
torontostar
par
airport
concealed
mark
deceased
poverty
apologize
corruption
mike_pence
blast
buy
feedback
station
horry
conversation
chicken
kashmir reports
boss
announces plans
salute
mosques
gang
officers
cell
physicians
facial
sharing
compulsory
bro
doo
treason
artists
zone
loan
18th june
refusing
ex
panic
won’t reinstate
ge
unrealistic expectations
street
distribution
promises
tunnel
acei
parscale
announcement
worship
relax
ind
wind
court rejected
han
pathetic
twitter feed
ea
jumps
broadcasting
nice
aol
initiative
washing hands
cape
recall
lies
fort
limits
statewide
pandemics
rating
⚡ ️
arts
profits
tonight’s
scenarios
fam
absolute
journalists
unstoppable
intensifies
surprising
machine
africa's
moca_goi
nsui
☣ ️
gap
adult
modern
jersey
trump admin
searching
equipment
trust
notification
coach
antonio
hate fest
realtimers
virtual
hearing
asshole
nut
production
ms
pleasant
developmental
doctors
premium
imaging
comp
gavinnewsom
lt
hotspots
moronavirus
podcast
killers
penalty
bette
ke
ta
ivankatrump
sex
closures
blows
mulvaney
til
cool
sex workers
mandates
coronaviruses
table
gloves
casts
focus
ya
disabled
black americans
trade
defeat
face covering
boy
tissue
freak
layers
profit
flatten
centers
acute respiratory
statistical
terrorist
purchase
special
dream
mandating
l
custom
comment
million unemployed
lockdowns
learn
plateau
keys
tracker
complicit
smart
prove
haul
death tolls
adults
oklacovid
wears
prices
dum
trump's
ditch
nationwide
we'll
checking
surgery
sports
determination
wait
birth
trump misled
enjoy
admin
kidney
pgatour
development
hi
bungled
projected
murder
yulin
continuous
liver
o
luxury
protein
rotten
women
expert
law
clean
garden
unitedstates
cnn’s
mail
fir
factory
wipe
im
ear
tune
spit
rural
dunno
dust
odds
capitalism
feast
sarasota
michelle
northam
ralph
scheme
exercise
bee
etsy
certificates
jo
curious
coronawarriors
discharged
nra
managers
barackobama
politically
twist
breakfast
erictrump
dinner
plague
wait til
blacks
neither
sounds
environment
nature
lives matter
ca
aunt
matters
angeles county
en
ng
nurses
letting
grateful
regards
gods
skims
g
walmart
kitchen
disgusting
procedure
tooth
nursing home
scmpnews
police personnel
anecdotal
coronavirussa
austrian
harder
bus
navy won’t
v
angry
gsk
facemasks
explained
overall
webinar
eye
debt advice
featuring
surviving
blue state
les
conservation
reception
nypmetro
straw
standard
medicine
cloud
healthcare workers
stay healthy
bloggers
voter registration
beach
valid
yall
summer
advanced team
marathon
medically
nu
affecting
insurance
car
metal
resign
plate
econ
d
cricketer
fourth
mobile
youngsters
filmfare
viral
punch
lots
vascular
studies
poster
live
⭐ ️
newsom's
dependent
cancel
limit
suddenly
release
shutdowns
interview
survey
song
hospitalized
tulsa
wildfire
flip
bac
newfoundland
won’t save
strength
legal action
heading
home stretch
greater
minority
⁣ ⁣
bigger crowds
wake
meanwhile
songs
x
stream
tons
unemployment rate
breaking news
bo
report
thus
punish
improve
individual
nowplaying
program
demons
travelers
syphilis
universe
labs
insights
duty
body bags
i've
vat
inaction
satyendar
drop
widened
positioning
121,000 americans
walsh
designer
houses
carolina
music
covering
deepstate
availability
absolutely
ji
police
adding
struggles
reveals
donation
damned
notifications
bipartisan
demotion
make2020betterin4words
lesson
encourage
notice
shaking
uss
mild symptoms
animals
super
essendon player
districts
solving
answer
bets
surpasses
platform
rally attendee
country's
rover
obsessed
pizza
fast track
disparities
animation
null
stroke
i'm
european countries
narcissistic
markets
poisoning
map
systems
b
tribute
coronavirus
stop
energy
bar
minutes
promo
governor andrew
briefings
texans
mashrafe
fuels
fewer
trumpvirus
follow
architecture
west
jimin
recovered
birthday
ancelotti
carlo
act
uklabour
⚰ ️
raise
shutdown
obamagate
pool
poorest seniors
maintain
fresh
weird
cons
h
cycles
quest
universities
sad
stick
naming
defender
spine
priority
kid
migrant
rishi
johnshopkins
votebluetoendthisnightmare
anytime
covid19
anne
verge
liberty
kag
herd
hospitals filling
conditioning
nexus
gove
source
bla
reviews
frozen
rehabilitation
huh
stupidity
restaurants close
bitch
plead
puducherry
screening
highest risk
video
shifting
breakingnews
we’re
imam
verzuz
parcel couriers
ifcovidneverhappened
rahulgandhi
maricopa
safakadal
connor
cheese
☑ ️
recipes
debt
i’m guessing
outer
crop
wings
politicususa
toast
massive
nobody
humanity
flu vaccine
swine
epidemiologist
bonds
ethnic
remember
emissions
fifth
book
region
statistics
plants
k
confused
daily briefing
thats
organized
diagnosis
investigate
county
bbcbreakfast
basically
soar
waivers
large groups
pledge
gaming
mass gathering
shelter
heat
business owner
smear
h3h3productions
drjasonfung
enabling
confederate
wellbeing
yemeni
participation
pe
francisco
clo
cargo
movie
great british
key workers
e
pest
security
oath
representative
okay
alien
commit
extended
ride
dollars
panel
hundreds
senior
soft
charged
save
modelling
college athletes
ashes
tackling
finally
challenging times
news
campus
narcissism
blacklivesmattters
portugal's
taoiseach
jinping
house
death
midnight
city
looters
documentary
featured
authorities
bicycle
endangered
giant
raises
grants
deliver
survival
easier
successfully
shocked
cnet
early data
facts
systematic
ventilator
hardest hit
uprising
tourists
improves
hardship
critical
fair
cook
democracy
compare
big
album
golfer
targeting
secret
parody
activity
celebrate
hospitalizations
daughters
bounce
overwhelmingly hispanic
close contacts
background
support sen
rbc
worlds
backlash
financial
co
brand
att
sho
azcentral
land
train
share
diagnostic
unlikely
anthem
curtis
limited
kabul
didn
mad
peaceful
appointed
entry
they’ll
✅ yoga
ru
german meat
drama
risk category
boise
gretchen
andrewcuomo
julian
ensure
comm
milk
~ ~
passengers
pieces
arvindkejriwal
shelf
host
eight
hole
vehicles
please
solid
spring sites
meat
male
remove
hockey
reflection
transit
mariappa talks
sleepy
worrying
materials
transition
overdue
we've
grade
announces
ministers
thousands
method
inequalities
・ ・
crore mega
symptomatic
oh
patriot
minute
circle
follow suit
strategies
hospital’s
wishes
9newsaus
random
cycling
double
brief
pork
fashion
reg
elect
business
president trump’s
burns
build
evil
baby
slaughterhouse
invest
ltgovdelhi
ashley
varadkar
iraq's
natural
govabbott
seeks
cops
shin
challenge
awareness
lawsuit
steal
active
foreign
newly
confirmation
courses
visitors
elections
discussion
alarming rate
covid
newsletter featuring
insecurity
dumpster
mohammad
dozens
fil
automatically downloaded
guru
hold
internal
largest indoor
rental
rocket
virtual choir
success
succeed
agrees
emergency funding
rishisunak
memes
dumbass
winning
isolation
raise awareness
lbc
kool
racial
biggest jump
accounts
record high
spreaders
big data
hurry
require customers
girl
trending
final
parallel
he’s
detecting
tolls
freedom
gun
government
germ
member's
reform
tcpalm
exceptionalism
distract
secondary
south
enter
censorship
supreme
actor
samples
dist
hoping
reopens
pigs
hood
hunger
blame game
oxygen
scientists
fool
expands
proven
break
carrier captain
perspective
containment measures
f
northwest
solitary
releases
assistance
melbourne game
industry
tough
situation report
thank
perfect
regulations
studio
polling
northern
setup
establish
reserve
deadly disease
answers
donald trump
covid19update
preview
steep rentals
there’s
ancient
translate
travelling
loc
hosp
printing
impossible
flying
trials
bowl
hook
unknown
candidates
charge
that’s
racism
shoe
status
ot
government’s
12news
it’s
peaceful protests
disaster
worldwide
fighter
scenario
protective
expand
fought
attention
fly
rentals
bad idea
plastic shield
curfew
current
lung
liquor
silence
recognition
conservatives
bread
finds
totally
staying safe
caution
cnn video
bucks
liquidity
letter
emergency
requires
uncertainty
men
respiratory
pair
babe
adds
settle
vulnerable
images
vote
bullet
bri
po
personally
disclaimer
restaurant
future
legal
prevention
functions
manipulation
advantage
avoid
y
captain
period
wedding
father
retail
bolton's
excludeduk
reliable
fathersday
scary
vanity
june
criminal
sur
plasma
denial
cinemas
retweets
income
room
what's
reopening plan
club
huge
grief
ten
contact trace
tourist
asylum seekers
reach
nonsense
seniors
tourism businesses
twittermoments
roll
develop
false
designer develops
deep
trouble
pre
president's
physical distancing
dreams
books
lg’s
weak
reduction
videos
well
model
prayers
healthcare
mild
clash
washingtonpost
minimum
theory
private
stray kids
gratitude
net
hays
view
resident
imports
glenmark’s antiviral
promotion
concept
june 23rd
italian scientists
route
illegal
extreme
supremacists
info
learning
lessons
math
plant
airbus
forces
ground
straight days
judges
basement
boost
warnings
ce
major
stability
understanding
inquirerdotnet
arunachal
collect
lucky
theaters
nationalism
saving
league
shifted
elder
guardian
von
bubble
sbsnews
dominican
meter
ratio
chips
offers
promo gc
migrants
primary
observe
naked
shift
blessing
training camps
zones
total case
ev
currency
airways
cdcgov
zip
cake
mysterious
preparation
therapist
c
corbyn's brother
billion
pib_india
bunkerboy
ultra
phone settings
department
office
menace
dishes
apparently
protection
warning signs
doe
couldn’t
humanitarian crisis
loses
res
r
pleading
react
policies caused
shield
silver
density
vardhan
drtomfrieden
moyo
shut
serve
let's
class
shitty
verzuztv
gotta
slaughter
cl
design
baseball
gps
zero
coup
apply
teaching
poor
flush
small size
tops 1,000
musk
suspend
graph shows
steep
injuries
video shows
walk
genome
hotel
supply
impressed
cancer patients
empty
beat
alyssa_milano
stretch
pharmacist
five
zimbabwe’s
butler
origins
lower
genocide
ban
turns
nfl football
orders
prospect
experts warn
❗ ️
seven
building
ctvnews
stayathome
georgefloyd
stops
sanitizers
whoops
ch
director asked
brics
delivery
barcelona
lahore
chinese virus
soft coups
ain’t
eager
shooting
summit
breakdown
pure
fools
bid
large gathering
sh
california’s
siri
starbucks
dhaka
dharavi
mistakes
demand
inspired
bu
scientific
adjusted
fishing
extra
introduced
enters
you’re
catastrophic
silent
advises
stress
seek medical
dumb
details
briefing
ctv
cfb
ganguly's family
rat
dhs
influenced
release statement
timesofindia
wreck
add
cold
cheer
ou
fig
polluters
client
greed
deaf
familiar
ddma
hospital bed
awards
shoot
extinction
ricketts
nick
pic
literally killing
reaper
dress
fluid
confirm
cult45
mcilroy
hrdministry
yatra
they’re
brain
sheer
select
mixed
nuremberg rally
wor
cas
fact
chain
practice
strong
rioting
awful
sops
importantly
man
inside
history
hy
choose
mec
naacp
slide
haas
faq
statue
ems
abo
if
tl
toronto blue
beijing outbreak
aberdeen family
public service
film
kenyan
morning
harbour
former
driver
green recovery
strike
120,000 dead
organisation
maps
science
cms
serie
destructive
abc13houston
jk
missing
blackpink
blacklivesmatter
aus
violating
sudden
caseload nears
multiple
hospital beds
pulwama
benton
bakersfield
santorini
governments
mother
genome sequence
breakthrough
honesty
washing
predictions
terrible
factbox
feeding
military
stewart
billmaher
repair
scandal
costco
hurricane
candidate
beer
loyal
millions
management
pdchina
covidpalooza
vision
philly
ideas
vent
peers
critically
free
wealthy
mid
iss
cites
automatically
policies
anti
watney
fence
phishing emails
launch
suspends
wwi
impotus
davis
eviction
anxiety
hopkins
ball
reach 47k
nation's
prolonged
ve
save lives
jair
world
suspected
communications
fucking
provinces
pdp
shuts
higher risk
fellow
covid_19
uncharted waters
services
agree
sorry
insult
federal government
downs
big surprise
student
exactly
norfolk
serbia
iranian
baker
joplin
josh
pictured
recoveries
iea
send
swing
❤ ❤
swedish
syrian
fe
lilith
alot
context
needless
june 21st
liberia
sets
worldometers
floridian
remaining
session
jigawa
profootballtalk
mlbpa
ubi
field
cmo
thehill
barbara
cnnsotu
meetthepress
middleton
ope
nucleic acid
mass
won’t enforce
bangladesh cricketer
summer holiday
world’s
walking
water
disappointed
exponential
cancer
nuremberg
umahi
testing capacity
corrupt
trump's fascist
ret
anc
cbc news
newzealand
salvador
p
hammer
downing
death trap
marketwatch
maldives
agra
sweden's
people's
implodes
ladakh
scottsdale
biden's
shared
official
hospitals
hospital
distributed
immediate
ngo
ring
study
moderna
tonight's
pi
decent
weight
murphy
cover
no
br
unemployment
cleaning
vr
high temperature
original
stilton
venezuela
saturday’s
mcdonald’s
ugwuanyi
urgently needed
enhance
census
harms
essendon star
let
wrecking
whistle
antibodies
shot
flag
easy
fled
accelerate
meals
stamp
six
online
property
performing
earn
allergy
6abc
bc
novartis stops
battle
mha
dg
forget
diy
ltc
collected
g20
amer
wiles
flo
scotus
relations
testing unit
claims
health
activated
lips
favor
talent
safety
smackdown
wc
progress
scenes
interstate
rolls
sf
sob
gst
anniversary
tourism
staggering
govuk
politic
shout
relevant
brasil
guidance
benefits
negligent
monetary
trumpian
uif
dmv
prays
airbnb
ugandans
variety
achieve
improving
drive
condition
phishing
sessions
australia’s
coin
reference
presents
orgy
armenia
processing plants
filipino
cba
visit
cultural
marks
conflicts
doctor sees
ck
faith
woman dies
packing
hanks
finger
white
osha
classified
sound
hrs
tripura
cb
gbv
tools
cbd
flow
committed
gi
aircraft
round
prize
shanghai
inquirer
europe’s
vermont
bangladeshi
azerbaijan
ghanaians
stadium
classic
click link
madison
cambodia
offender
coma
quran
citing
sdny
nh
ita
gig
shop
dating
ktla
welcome
baseball season
ummm
everyday
estimate
bit
looked incomfortsble
cbp
danger
cineplexmovies
spiroagnewghost
power
infectious
delay
startling
horror
raised concerns
kidding
hundred
dont
tsa worsened
cough cough
steriods
delays
tabc
icc
doj
cfr
infect thousands
tesco
body
child
theatre
bugs
trend
policy
quarantine
pools
karens
reaction
arms
goo
organ
pay
belong
nightly
cynical
medical director
so
kazakhstan
institution
bomb
21st june
updates
important
overwhelm
four
card
bag
centres
heads
mers
goa
disproportionately
revenue
guard
blowing
chapter
suit
☺ ️
bullshit
father’s
visualizing
reaches
we're
bout
downtown
infant
apps
astros player
pause
global times
heavy
seasonal
ward
buck
audit
terrible idea
aka
libya
upi
arena
frontlines
nwsl
bel
simple
deep fried
cleckheaton
outdoors
occupy
effectiveness
arrest
recovery plan
ifr
idps
n
traveling
r0
commercial
tomorrow
weighs
dose
instock
saracarterdc
tes
hindustan
kiwi media
spring
refugees
result
nation
meal
group
contributions
inmates
aid
lap
ship
false claims
detection
tulsa inflames
phone
clinic
cardiac
jays
bravo
talk
tb
politicians
object
accountability
raleigh
betrayed
fire
maybe
data
screened
motion
whi
resulting
classes
africans
oct
procedures
14,000 mark
strengthen
blm protesters
pho
ain’t happening
dead
trumper
daddy
wisdom
sexy
ypzijonz6x
myanmar
n.j
mainland
plus
wapo
pick
hs
flu
proximity
divide
craigslist
obaseki
relaxation
ncdcgov
restriction
rights
collective
pan
minor
jeez
ri
immunity
tweet
unhcr
ecuador
newspaper
dod
overflow
celebration
game postponed
state
solution
rioters
true
mrs
tearing
cricketers
miss
consent
14,314
finland
post
fit
npp
fired
bronx
hidalgo
morrison
delhi's
chandigarh
cozier
headline
referred
pox
roulette
innovate
dph
tds
ff
downloaded
saturday's
thai
new2trip
canada's
malawi
counties
oklahoma's
manitoba
connecticut
increasingly
combating
bet
asean
bat
dive
lie
truck
recycling
wet
case fatality
uspto
lnp
tulsarally
generation
finding
socal
cali
clorox
erdogan
plenty
nowhere
movement
develops
holds
wai
hopes
receives
earlier
precautionary
nafees
covi
restart
thanks
intention
barbaric
omfg
reasoning
ouch
phil
sept
dean
heal
coronavirus faqs
medical
official figures
stupid
ptsd
pee
asda
mortaza
hype
beyonce
arizona's
germany’s
dumping
hungary
flights
texas governor
unseen
hungarian
clos
yesterday
another
petty
donor
drug
direct
abundance
remake
expose
parks
assumption
research
taste
dire
chronicles
toys
unusable
tucson
r.i.p
nhsx
hardest
overnight
bmc
views
lga
denmark
locals
rouge
explanation
helps
goals
imrankhanpti
teach
competitive
tide
ignorant
u
college
cihg5og6rn
britain’s
iceland
voice
wfrvrd9jvi
switzerland
madagascar
news18
leovaradkar
fixed
scrap
racist
halt
mailonline
corona virus
u.n
attn
detained
dispute
serving
link
ei
scan
approach
h1n1
stitt
son
rev
nw
three
journey
americans dead
enclosed
hell
recovers
lying
species
opera
trump2020
air
tulsa’s
cipla
donald's
kauai
newsweek
honorable
t
lmfaoooo
aiib
uruguay
latvia
elected officials
controller
williamson
respect
institutions
crucial
baba
manage
hbo
friday june
c19
wasted
phones
word
paypal
pak
whew
collecting
verily
gilday
umrah
faisal
ufos
nursing
commodities
you'll
resource
address
passes
characteristics
landing
quick
libs
destroy
acid
approve
africa’s
oklahoma’s
wike
sikkim
pakistan’s
sask
lubbock
tibet
nowthis
kenya's
makkah
sharma
anil
stranded
victoria’s
canada’s
lightning close
granted
rethink
snap
cycle
lysol
resisters
control
tough times
staying
clara
osun
questions
sacrifice
removes
love
face mask
grasp
reverse
waco
filer
brazilians
lawrence
bali
promise
contacttracing
potential
settings
responders
reopening
stay
company
hedge
delhi government
total recoveries
talked
qld
leave
travel ban
urgent
yakima hospitals
pricey
gp
tweeting
ignore
age groups
spa
elonmusk
miracle
pst
flood
asks
hon
no_silenced
transplant
tot
led
eclipse
mills
preventing
brits
narendra
clay
stonehenge
sop
acts
kulgam
coronavirusesdelcastigomenor
newswatch
makinde
oscar
khabarhub
ireland's
lighthouse
douglas
singapore’s
pm's
baseball’s
rpyettmbco
pence’s
ryanair
lombardy
somalia
arizona’s
facility
smdh
town
overwhelmed
thirty
light
shadow
fall
tru
iphones
tie
today
breath
geez
fucking moron
requirement
swift
ids
community
blames
race
it's
eeoc
savings
experts
they're
disregard
fate
action
nbcnews
cre
cash
previous record
consensus
exams
points
myth
tas
throw
vip
keeping
email
apc
aapl
service
same
y’all
kirklees
coronaviruspandemic
leading
f1
vy4fvgajuk
dade
plot
odi
bsf
rbi
gbr
utsa
ymca
arb
indoor event
you're
schools
afternoon
iatf
copd
zambia
decision making
cornwall
queenslanders
eu’s
namibia
belmontstakes
astrazeneca
ceos
hajj
guwahati
tablet
explosion
life
shitshow
leader
met
badly
spending
tass
faces
bill
escape
modi’s
satan
dailycaller
dhscgovuk
wha
lung treatments
crusin
mask orders
bed
coro
coronavir
ipa
factor
11th
sub
pandemi
snp
required
lgas
tyrone's
n.l
turkey’s
woodlands
smes
sochi
thursday's
mlb’s
sdgs
dunedin
darwin's
julie
marion
redbubble
unitech
mcdonald's
jharkhand
jessica
scotland's
ethealthworld
carolinas
xinfadi
cuomo's
alhamdulillah
slams
proportion
wash hands
applies
centered
percent
pmc
ipl
world leaders
blocks
filter
hoax
aww
ignoring
blow
approves
haven’t heard
graphs
turn
drunk
ages
count crosses
ips
banana
goodmorning
outrage
stories
choir
epidemic
spring camps
biotech
confirms
disagree
engage
divert
increases
c’mon
life saving
epa
hunt
wins
pull
trip
goal
schadenfreude
jus
homes
resolution
identify
speed
rescues
na
europeans
guatemala
huawei
wave
revive
grand quran
recovery
cfl
clotting
negative
options
carry
survived
fla
deal
christians
wion
cuts
inflated
bring
protect
registration
tallahassee
third
sitting
total
lowest
sisodia
ganguly’s
md
chart
kamalaharris
jagannath
excellent thread
stuck
detect
baked
preventive
review
you've
laredo
bennett
food
checked
newsom’s
remain closed
fully
grave
peoples
there's
open
fct
cdcr
wfla
masks
great american
professional
gcc
demanding
qc
rti
nasa
funds
essex
ganesh
parent
piersmorgan
diego
accurate
magas
swab
resurgence casts
emp
washable
excellent article
chief warns
sequence
worldnews
nasdaq
crap
owned
root
bojo
maddow
marxist
tall
shrinks
dailynation
usaid
deploys
centralising power
rampant
anybody
detected
won’t sue
jaws
turner
excess
thedemocrats
canceled
alexa
nwo
palestine
egyptian
donny
ongoing pandemic
reality
businesses
attempts
postpone
ghaziabad
coast
leads
pd
jays shut
safely
cure
tsunami
thejournal_ie
remedies
admits
sister
cardinals
covid19chennai
fiat
celsius
mexico's
senwarren
efect
unmasking
murdoch
scaramucci
metoo
medicaid
covid_19india
malaysian
caraga
colombian
hon'ble
floriduh
dispatches
ikorodu
airasia
omo
haitian
nj
children
oklahomans
regulatory
labeling
cheesemakers
jpnadda
hindus
onion
now's
meh
ivermectin
information
russell
baijal
stanley
brink
party
debate
poc
angle
us
inform
covd19
amritsar
large
football
ask
pu
race baiting
models
crude
plane
valuation
proliferate
warn
breitbartnews
economic
people’s lives
topic
upside
ibm
californians
hm
stake
timelines
honoured
oakland
latinx
phase
manager
leadership
fatality
crazy
loved
voter
mile
nothing
local
federal
cor
eliminating
2,200
90,000
shaken
goin
fear
showing symptoms
pakistan's
petitions
gear
oz
inquiry
don’t
media
reportedly
climate
cautionary
1b
ist
globe
fyi
mick
10,000 recoveries
funding
public health
rope
phd
none
stoppage
repatriated
science denying
expect
bollywood
claiming
faults agency's
kendra
dole
diplomats
suppose
ui
market research
politics
deaths
crow
match
caribbean
nations
resources
ppes
halts
pretty
smme
mls
woah
pictures
except
things
mom
border
onset
sympathy
fatalities
crowds
drink
similar
phishing campaign
expense
officials
fucking idiots
cities
ksh
tests conducted
win
hanging
goodall
shopping
brunei
rec
portugal
nanosponges
revelation
craft
frontline workers
strategy
silk
techcrunch
broadway
mapleleafs
eu_commission
gucci
emma
sinow
wikipedia
additionally
gideon
u2
bbcbusiness
businessideas42
dmregister
oman's
rama
nehru
bergamo
directorate
chhattisgarh
kenya’s
dewitt
organics
oura
sweden’s
zdnet
namaste
jain's
cambridge
aug
germans
galvez
oregon's
gaza
iran’s
ga5oxyiqcm
kwara
mnuchin
melissa
carter’s
daman
rana
protesters
predictable
idiot
imho
tr
school
sweep
berman
mask
armed
opposite
prior
invisible
virus
holiday
voting
karen
scientific research
nifty
moh
karma
carriers
hurt
doh
trash
hope
kenyans
diseases
reading
despite
gain mutuals
itv
emotional
riots
cult
emmanuel
greenville
austria
tale
spoiler
rubbing
announce
installation
outfit
gdp
wyoming
cheeto
covid19pakistan
testing sites
1,89,869 samples
utahns
tygdyk9pxh
at7fzcg4oy
lucy
ww2
spain’s
olympics
r350
monday’s
beshear
mombasa
gil
lopez
bolton’s
europe's
commonwealth
azadus
ariz
eisv123qxr
friday's
mumbai’s
fauci's
cdc's
tulsans
types
mahikfyqsc
emperor
expresses
scrutiny
impose
captain fired
icmr
wwii
ira
sebi
djia
kp
mh
playmobil
sos
hk
ucsf
bigger
keynes
ty
till
ninja
administration
sewage
daily reminder
di
ards
ntf
florid
mob
wondered
miles
ricky
reopening plans
ent
woo
icse
mlk
norms
mlkhattar
smaller
estate
type
lockdown
evidence
umm
ahh
checkout
sup
turning
choosing
breeding
developing
big yikes
c'mon
donnie
entire
evans
nidhi
belarus
utd
albania
luxembourg
slovakia
s.c
saki
spain's
nano
born
ltd
dak
cna
voa
gaelic
koch
meaindia
sfgiants
touch
large crowds
comrade
heed
licence
impacts
regime
hahahahaha
misleading
pti
beings
thousand
looming
fake
ruby
statements
fra
lakh
human
col
magical
signal
staysafe
suppress
closer
gre
decreased
chat
state epidemiologist
essential workers
pitiful turnout
heart
tad
county’s
qantas
np
huma
high street
bungoma
nagpur
brampton
he's
refuses
average
famine
flare
clerk
interact
surprised
usd
accelerates
hat
person dies
assume
congressman
stopping
protestors
covered
times
dm
protects
lining
lac
influence
flight
ministry
whoa
martial
theatres
fucking idiot
match postponed
kzn
mek
mandatory quarantine
seriously
mouth
cough
air travel
examine
restaurants
keep
anchor
highs
mode
fateh
oriai
ocean
buying
everybody
tu
calling
god's
consciousness
looting
ofws
planet
closure
aged
sight
toilets
organize
users
montana
recent
prepare
remdesivir
joke
corp
halloween
1st wave
temperatures
walgreens
coronaupdates
protester
treatment
jamaica
lakh crore
tomorrow night
proud
djt
benefit
ds
bulk
agenda
sayin
kgeorgieva
audacity
michiganders
busi
beautiful
meeting
cv19
eric trump
upcoming
kolkata
flipkart
bulgaria
debbie
ettd
tens
610,000
sw
companies
ep
contact
burn
forever
cured
israeli
proves
feeling
task
smoking
gift
hindsight
billionaire
year's
sentence
innovations
inpatient
daily basis
accor
titanic
fling
trumpdeathclock
bureau
chubbies
entrance
thin
cameroon
shit
promote
idiots
resistant
commented
guys
salford
record 54,771
deficit
nflpa advises
falling
oscars
circuses
lamb
complete
csiro
sheila
algeria
hillsong
doordash
protests
tulsa county
affordable
bear
lfc
sd
norwegian
economic recovery
req
sabcnews
watney withdraws
th
latest
druids
hallelujah
bozo
postponeneet_jee
20th june
two
fight
protest
mongolia
they'll
ma'am
govt's
foxandfriends
vitamind
felt
loona
topped
impacted
drone
arvind
value
fraudulently
plagued
applied
cryptocurrency
capt
ml
cerb
slash
allowance
drumpf
guyana
uhhh
snapchat
acknowledge
rath
washtimes
posed
cant
kalyan
tragedy
reconsider
range
fish
ki
worker
fm
that's
bra
require
stable
whoop
saturday night
expression
entire population
once
safer
infographic
experiment
ohhh
merciful
▶ ️
origin
er
common
dang
individuals
smerconish
doha
ayurveda
fitbit
betcha
sensors
mindblowing
p.s
soybean
banker
tattoo
actress
excellency
psychosocial
firstly
trumpies
absentee
temperature
older
pray
fighting
pivots
preps
leader's
understatement
basketball player
govenor
sir plz
cope
choirs
pupils
gd
honest
treat
ht
amp
goers
muslim
em
ohh
useful
renovation
interchange
socialdistance
nl
issues warning
survivors
instances
destruction
winter
den
exists
prone
descend
convert
woman
news headlines
explain
excluded
top
aides
✔ ️
gt
deported
whether
poorest
floridians
lockdown eases
african countries
crawl
anyone
good
risks
testing site
infects
jfc
sue
female
curb
hahahaha
chick fil
lime
thx
staffer
coronavirusoutbreak
mandatory
sit
attack
incorrect
increased testing
andhrapradesh
jairbolsonaro
healthworld
dakota
recover
yay
soup
threatening
article
operating
♥ ️
pension
mass murderer
gc
barriers
magat
goi
disappointment
advisory
de
⤵
girls
implement
employees
stood
epicenter
tubes
lolol
usnavy
daughter
hug
frequently
caught
_ ¯
texas mayors
training sites
impact
diary
locked
sportscenter
spike raises
disinfection
hosted
unaware
screen
sick
reasons
indoor gathering
puppy
traffic
performers
symbol
riot
lift
mcas
accountable
adm
decades
assistant
question
surpass
suppression
health service
equal
fi
privilege
trum
aye
hits
camps
change
dangerously
bitter
testing
speech
days straight
challenges
pakistani
tv channel
24hrs
belongs
uber
thoughts
halts reopening
meaning
kids
trumpy
luckily
division
ir
isn’t
yr cordial
20k
kroger
salesforce
friendly
nm
weapons
built
ios update
brag
btc
std
facemask
bhi
embrace
gosh
trump’s failure
approval
encouraging
red paint
bengaluru
case scenario
stray
ins
horrified
guidelines
inspectors
firstpost
dt
seek
students
decade
uncharted
low
tear
sl
ooh
launches antiviral
aspect
father's
bernard
ghebreyesus
war
fucktrump
look
elderly
⛳
youngsters seek
ofcourse
belief
rallying
games
answered
footage
personal
busines
atten
british_airways
chadha
oppo
vast
carrying
elearning module
desire
battling
squad
29,633
misled
realtime
places
aide
disclosure
samant_uday
rejected
euro
american lives
reliance
content
injustice
transport
sell
wordpress
healthy
weekend
ready
voting rights
most
real
great initiative
states
stunt
degrees
transfer
occupying
where’s
medication
present
containment
improvement
bottom
white men
mrna
test kits
drivers
paid
pc
wth
fires
checks
nt
recession
estonia
awe
communism
yawn
outbreak began
breaks
category
pt
lied
120,000 americans
correction
state's
discount
week’s
severe
planning
holders
iceberg
int
garib
century
petrol
approved
access
vicks
sensex
chef
clues
happiest
scramble
victories
preachers
humidity
coastal
☹ ️
2years
21wire
populated
densely
willingness
soccer's
saved
jan
vacation
package
skyrocketing
fast
snake
honored
leaders
travel
describes
investor
wakeup
fever
prosecutions
statewise
dir
prioritized
noticia
uhm
dailymail
satyendra
force
option
seat
selfish
twitch
sketch
illness
touted
behaviour
parts
standards
began
shirt
expects
i’m confused
tmz
informative
ps
unless
rolling
spy
poorest countries
vit
delayed
fortunately
york
sued
madam
dropping
carehomes
poetic
concentration
produced
facilities
record setting
disclose
articles
gravity
glimpse
bored
⬆ ️
rational
comply
hear
denied
pitiful
radicals
shipped
herh
medical advice
19th june
customers
lieutenant
mine
construction
academic
manufacture
oops
prevents
struck
consistent
kickstarter
dangerous
victoria's
care
jonestown
reminds
newsmax
vlog
patriots
economic crisis
i
editorial
370
obstacles
haven’t
failing
needy
fruits
accuse
declare
canadians
socially
waving
121,407 americans
contamination
mam
detail
warns
supporting
rawstory
hesitate
trumpster
towns
servant
how’s
war crimes
diaper
clause
designated
problem
conditions
jubilee
knowledge
famous
game
bleak
raised
spr
archives
election
retirement
attempted
facing
qualifying
checkpoint
drs
spotify
age
important information
god damn
maximum
incompetent
space
listening
carrier
abso
disabilities
traced
samaritan
roller
gavinwilliamson
indi
contagious
nor
tonight
partnering
reposted
ambassador
nda
sou
kathua
peterstefanovi2
cdcemergency
mumbaipolice
intel
unbelievably
mlb owners
ebtpdgjlrh
attacks
uk ditches
zrzox0bsrz
cost
owner
amen
fraud
lid
hate
theage
loads
tshirt
dub
exclusive
eleven
reduce
toxic
lmaoooo
sore
teaches
brewing
trace
bankruptcies
does
greens
separate
almighty
making america
pardon
biometric
trumpanzees
gurugram
psyop
tönnies
cashapp
techno
buttons
wholesale
touchless
escaping
binance
derail
microbiology
slow
failure
disproportionately affected
lot
short
dea
copy
reusable
nature's
precisely
exporting
queens
naw
bunkerbitch
fac
served
wait till
govs
diesel
run
infecting
blame
culture war
bi
yup
interest
totally agree
state governments
hmmmm
tops
nose
left
foremost
app
majority
institutional
early
declared
dotard
senator
livelihood
capacity
blessed
victorians
calls
infection rates
confederacy
nooooo
cabal
norway
resume
cut
assault
eases
shields
fearing
yankees employees
govt’s
do
soldiers
rush
chief medical
photography
thankfully
personnel
published
✨
hatred
fee
dark
kjf5qaowfu
mate
maker
chilling
reasonable
replies
quiz
sta
idiocracy
professional sports
propublica
night
doesn’t affect
6,000
total confirmed
httweets
sign waivers
provided
innocent
summary
closed cases
evaluate
directors
cruises
sai
tidal
contacts
ugh
qualify
cares
paint
could’ve
actual
perform
operate
journalism
reopening schools
issues
olds
this
representation
sleeping
nat
fifty
selection
japan's
argentina
member
territory
reports
withdraw
weigh
everything
convinced
mg
black women
initiatives
fortunate
keen
sticker
listed
various
auspol
mistake
drinking
capable
ego
asap
gl
consultant
beloved
charities
emi
vogue
mma
basis
struggle
processes
upset
largest
evaluating
watchdog
residents
page
metres
effect
bars
patch
goods
prevalence
coordinator
aerosols
soooooo
disputes
roundtable
tactics
13,000
sslc
og
researcher
empowerment
sports events
home
choice
higher
repairing
yep
antibody test
blood
translation
incubation
chubby’s
playoffs
yah
language
sink
operations
sounded
balance
prevented
fans
previous
associates
alliance
making
handful
incite
collapse
bark
rest
boogaloo
brother
advance team
som
early april
yes
orleans
new
omg
idgaf
statement
obligation
miracles
gawd
extends
disease
communities
mis
affect
write
4pm
ryanobles
6th
manufacturers
asses
located
alive
8,000
ama
jobs
outfits
breach
affects
drug favipiravir
fairness
locker
chump
meth
unified
heres
nk
mask protects
fueled
discovers
feds
dammit
cordero
convince
country’s
measure
financing
message
gam
migrated
narrator
abolish
xenophobia
deplorable
deserved
generate
hispanic workers
enable
1950
downplaying
repeated mistakes
minister’s
indicators
almost
approaching
crowded bars
example
grabs
string
listens
ease
mental
tulsapolice
counting
cloth
direction
unplugs
rising
rail
fucked
gul
btw
forgotten
issued
ey
refuse
rump
state sees
53,600
repeated
stayed
enemy
level
quarters
infection
responses
catastrophe
here
sears
forms
effective
duh
slammed
stage
stays
dramatically
compiled
postpones
declined
easing
health departments
leg
digit
elite
interior design
married
parking
medics
crew
issuing
mn
trains
challenging
wo
ig
standing
distribute
relief
basic
clear
usps
wed
nutrition
trumpers
acceptable
ah
alarm
stfu
boot
terrified
hahaha
4856
sms
kkm
mind
community transmission
fixing
☝
items
pushing
persisting
pas
ordering
um
tribe
narendramodi
passenger
eliminate
vital
remedy
uttar
soooo
chatbot
alternative
puppet
start
disruptions
high
million dollars
ffs
sixty
smell
skill
revival
supports
recording
paying
debt repayments
fallout
youngest
haircut
commitment
mapping
floor
cluster
assist
patient
robotics
oximeter
surrendered
cracks
coffins
bbq
govern
donating
todays
stress tests
zerohedge
confront
decisions
stands
cry
health director
golly
inspection
chase
skilled
ironically
bathrooms
responsive
readiness
ingredients
distanced
didn’t
did
unemployed
indoor
mystery
smfh
gee
cu
sharp rise
dawg
nailed
mat
remembering
oppose
attempt
boo
head
stark
dressed
practicing
antonioguterres
wiped
departments
1,032,913
restore
just
29th
drinkers
economic impact
sha
setting
stars
previously
anonymous
unbelievable
shy
ontario reports
deplorables
wildly
sentiment
ends
correlation
consider
rallygoers
winds
unplug
figures
economist
immediately
bbcr4today
demetrialesterc
tempts fate
idc
state wide
mlb teams
coo
tell
mix
folks
inconvenience
entered
je
plummet
trumpsters
state’s
instead
solve
lead
believed
appears
lynika
theeconomist
watch live
essential
experiences
ju
rea
health protection
ding
google news
exceed
outlet
reproduction
employed
apt
antiviral
waves
gif
include
italy sewage
colombians
internally
continuity
nadu
angeles
berniesanders
nola
ties
advance
lmaooo
wide
roadblocks
laborers
guards
instructed
sanitiser
ava
identification
dirty
kn
camp
kayleighmcenany
ugly
teams
navigating
opposes
removed
protesting
⁣
debunked
sooo
pressure
body count
time
globalnews
graph
nearly
iam
fingers
honor
added
wan
plan
fro
su
kay
aa
imagination
expatriates
prod
masters
susceptibility
phenomenal
regret
proposal
red states
lmaoo
youths
ima
doors
ktrtrs
stoke
envoy
bald
scholarship
heartbeat
cocaine
shoots
centric
mansion
tango
life's
interfere
repurposing
crickets
importance
severely
implementation
amounts
stricken
refund
worst
team
claim
entering
football players
iraqi
auston
preach
antibody
wage
set
pretending
presented
groups
shirts
dying
family gatherings
ads
fine
highly
speaker
positivity
moves
buzz
credits
pea
emerge
biggest
z
behold
turnout
support
ghost
unrealistic
internships
step
noise
citizens
purpose
each
springsteen
created
cdnpoli
call
hand
hosting 2nd
bluetooth
nepotism
smooth
outing
abcnews
banned
balancing
★
uphold
compensate
recovering
insurers
yeh
names
physical
husbands
try
feeling sick
clue
organizing
bite
stolen
insider
responded
upto
processing
150k
259
55,209
survive
voluntary
additional
ts
gem
tests performed
avail
shortage
haha
mash
bundle
several
negligence
✈ ️
chloroquine
drtedros
sucks
insists
sure
population
quiet
filling
te
guess
picture
according
truck enters
path
regulation
aren’t
void
tak
contracts
worries
leftists
covidfriday
empower
record
586mgjaywu
soc
laugh
defend
writers
small
smarter
application
eternal
tally
boston's
saudiarabia
lost
argue
feature
wonder
confessions
devastated
suburbs
saving lives
re
pretend
predicted
isolating
nah
audio
successful
again
tells
someone
function
worn
knock
requirements
entertain
man's
middle
imp
participating
watermelon
system
kill
complain
ios
youth
chinavirus
dam
receive
abruptly
unprecedented
undergo
logistics
necessarily
researched
included
agriculture
store
vaccines
unite
tracing
amid
opt
particles
wages
awhile
stand
louder
late
nicer
pvt
zealand
spend
mask mandates
scammers
every
plug
murderers
unity
track
culled
international hospital
pushed
family
psychological
persons
liberals
brigade
concerning
boosting
laughter
urge
harm
decrease
basketball restarts
`
bl
25th
doubtful
gov’t
antidote
analyzed
footballer
infrared
prognosis
trusts
emergence
mankind
collision
checkers
secretive
neurological
progressives
dong
spokeswoman
cruising
unlocking
moment
literally
implements
booth
clubs
infect
best
launches
2tr debt
mf
speaks
liars
manipulate
spiking
increased
uniform
rd
arrested
latest updates
millennials
✌
relying
fume
learned
living
strategic
prize winner
wearing
probable
distance
stay home
avoiding
aftermath
never
wouldn't
pile
additional deaths
doc
kya
handmade
governor's
bishops
casket
hamsters
flexibility
assessing
virology
farewell
learners
hiding
teespring
obligations
representatives
pandemia
diversity
broadcasts
entitled
society
perlmutations
owners
curve
1000s
toll
tired
tool
anchors
biz
excluding
venues
marked
wit
makes sense
awaits
elites
oof
therapeutic
apologies
clinicians
infra
subscriber
eagerly
forecasting
commissioners
vacuum
unconscionable
job
attendee
sickest
certification
deforestation
kindness
don't
families
dispatch
given
give
story
sab
draft
decisive
believes
naked eye
grips
sections
beijing sees
chartered
list
excited
poets
traitor
first
fascism
2012
unreal
caring
helpful
container
resurfaces
assess
magically
thos
flimsy
num
258
very
see
mask requirement
victim
yrs
face masks
isolate
everyone
unveil
ideal
bingo
underway
posi
door
mink
cow
disgraceful
quotes
reverses
ports
prof
makes
lab confirmed
i’m convinced
isolated
argument
counted
defund
deserve
single
advisors
rather
reduced
catch
adapted
interested
controlled
pain
autopsy
area restaurant
numb
failed
feet
mattgaetz
sovereignty
pricing
taught
use
because
20,000
strengthening
landslide
record jump
cancellation
above
hide
mismanagement
presidents
retweeting
vaccine
darn
beds
crowded
vet
protecting
logging
scaring
musical
lg's order
bears
ravaging
weed
lifetime
100k
elected
regard
order
helped set
hmm
gruesome
wore
bottle
sterile
shoulder
gaining
sana
mourning
189,135
attributed
ya'll
scaremongering
fart
full
occurred
soul
globalist
drawing
asylum
nears
trusted
existing
even
since
unrest
listened
state prison
deeply
end
village
directly
hugging
fun
hurts
jumped
realize
hasn’t
priced
sake
enables
nowadays
sanitation
schedule
uk govt
nation’s
members
day
roots
rig
joined
roof
sane
perspectives
opposing
nytimes
produce
anywhere
capital recorded
social bubble
willful
creators
antigen
wrong
soil
engineers
participate
developed
nigga
rumors
pandemic
show
leaves
feels
chains
engaged
investigates
statistically
meatpacking
↑
tuition
forecasts
clemson football
ambulance
boxing
nee
govwhitmer
originated
political
loving
121,407
imma
scumbag
bigot
musicians
examples
unchecked
145,000
fin
alternatives
sarscov2
bad
creepy
fav
column
yields
repo
now
remix
non
organization
puts
mandatory masks
8.6
❗
phrase
streets
aht
handle
play games
faced
though
medical officer
bringing
spaces
total death
comments
friends
troubling
zartajgulwazir
rondesantisfl
go
moving ahead
davidicke
muscat
stylish
richest
leisure
enlighten
mentor
reactions
comms
schedules
musician
restructuring
seizing
bathroom
masterclass
gamblers
ano
sticks
revokes
recklessness
symptom
electoral
latimes
violations
products
nationally
together
frog
contaminated
conduct
serves
alright
tight
snapshot
1m
jump
eliminated
form
uh
dummies
provides
nfl players
fears
trackers
resumed
responsible
active cases
wife
tours
chooses
chick
sorts
blacklivesmatter protests
divine
ecosystem
long
purposefully
deploy
bas
fabricated
fortnight
toll reaches
reopen
cowards
mu
narrates
headed
thunder
how's
reckoning
graduated
toilet
advance staff
practices
audience
705
abortions
locations
season
honey
outbreak
goddamn mask
beliefs
superb
radar
cybercrime
murdering
yr
ballots
install
rule
technologies
snakes
cognitive
2027
hmmm
dump
opportunity
high risk
recruitment
ref
awaited
cavalier
sufferers
altered
evidently
unnamed
lines
missteps
advisor
cared
careful
favour
cocktails
come
only
agreement
sheep
10k
mess
49ers
can’t
virtually
premature
athletes
dome
incarcerated
giveaway
sooooo
sourav
mos
hosting
2nd wave
tracers
worth reading
gaslighting
forgot
someone's
preliminary
revealing
sustainability
legislature
scoring
astonishing
definitely
cent
yellow
black ppl
explosive
starting
brands
position
worth
gamble
shoutout
champ
commentators
savers
boomers
pills
combine
human services
devastation
these
straight
one
bt
ele
economy
platforms amid
outcome
opened
verification
everytime
denying
applause
results
requesting
continued
split
cases
moderate
possibly
bn
hay
hysterical
complaining
vigilant
gleefulblogger
scientists warn
cancelled
ame
23rd
organising
disappear
informed
soaring
coming
cuomo attacks
hottest
record spike
dyqmpkcc7u
aboard
despicable
homelessness
tele
such
garlic
role
eighty
broadcaster
raising
populations
billion dollars
events
florida governor
discarded
ja
bhai
b4
pastors
demonstrators
installed
popular
highest
3rd
play
media coverage
\
caseload
mirror online
niggas
seems
couldn't
1.0
while
era
wary
consequences
terror
av
halal
leak
121,000
contributed
death cult
voters
bigly
worthless
2011
pints
awakening
prom
satire
promotes
devoted
doctored
eugenics
decontamination
rally's
happiness
moving
tolerance
rumor
cmon
prisoner
terminal
pod
barber
discuss
strains
whites
guests
pass
doubt
deniers
torture
lockdownextension
both
doubled
exosomes
czar
faux
draws
spoke
uptick
workshops
dismisses
respectfully
introducing
therapeutics
pneumonia
retired
kills
42,589
tracking app
surprisingly
course
carers
greetings
account
narratives
crossed
imposed
reimposed
worsened
confidence
safe
treatments
programming
kits
forty
asymptomatic patients
swim
starvation
records
health services
hospital capacity
training
crowd
accept
stocks
impeached
aim
burnout
pillow
landlords
refer
behalf
invasive
suspended
doesn’t
yet
laughing
fascinating
subjects
sb
talks
really
stakeholders
inviting
picking
wish
overcome
attended
quarantined
women’s
commie
return
experience
running
minks
family member
warns world
small town
s
discriminate
joining
lest
gatherings
prefer
especially
birds
test site
winners
recovered patient
fucking christ
5pm
not
slavery
emerged
watched
bats
salmon
after
touching
streaming
shithole
radical
impressive
irresponsible
converts
that’ll
automated
lemme
frankly
socialism
spurs
merch
coronav
active case
make
messaging
damn shame
supported
killing
there
filled
goat
appearance
ritual
ser
quid
helmet
goofy
smoke
admit
abattoir
half
bold
kindly
charges
scale
sent
notorious
glorious
difference
steps
futures
essentials
currently
shocking
contagion
cows
mag
shipping
help
dozen
criticism
underlying health
bombshell
100,000
public
seekers
gathered
illegally
memory
idea
unconstitutional
painting
peak
causing trouble
broadcast
venue
fan
absolutely disgusting
qualified
between
reflect
laid
dish
terms
require masks
heard
better
dismay
dropped
preparing
unable
rushing
thugs
suggest
screw
normal
teenager
totals
week ahead
bottles
exempt
khalifa
26th
surrender
lose
class action
holding
forth
hilariously
judging
therapies
mama
stationed
extensive
shameful
horrifying
4th
divorce
lungs
imported
avoidable
blessings
segment
unfit
3d
lo
tha
website
but
something
darkness
caravan
recruit
where's
countries
effected
alerts
ho
works
collusion
heaven
signs
take
pestilence
mighty
monkeys
spreader
halted
cakes
codes
prospects
pickup
taskforce
called
sleep
buddy
volume
blunder
dieing
interactive
sort
helped
june 19th
losses
furious
sum
admitted
brings
continuing
remotely
narrow
charity
relief funds
certain
turned
massive cyberattack
hygienic
takeover
flowers
homeowners
troubles
cancellations
umbrella
harvest
curbside
governing
governor’s
more
firm
private hospital
pitch
2,000
revenues
thinning
tightening
the
probably
hustle
sanity
creativity
pleased
parents
disappeared
viewing
figure
shows
widely
live music
tainted
clapping
mindless
rebuilding
sickening
looked
mention
witnesses
may
based
lame
minus
blamed
wanted
participated
maga supporters
delhi reports
desk
tomorrow's
what’s happening
climbs
➕
bump
per
spare
retailers
little
million
spots
seriousness
earnings
50,000
10,074
describe
joined forces
social
care homes
thee
lawlessness
fiction
destiny
requests
rethinking
thrilled
hacks
indian company
investigations
crack
export
outlets
greatness
superhero
preparedness
represents
sobering
globalists
crooked
mitigate
kind
red state
tackle
tightened
face
worked
catching
lemmings
accounting
metrics
fabulous
investments
watches
log
drill
nooo
executives
license
weekly
shocked face
damage
mainstream
wey
reforms
invites
sniff
wives
nomination
plunged
upholding
automatic
marketers
aerosol
landlord
shrinking
deflect
money
twice
informal
process
black community
mobility
holidays
helpline
few
4,430
wearers
contribute
zeynep
liner
takes
campaign trail
disinfecting
reward
govts
public safety
33,000
intentional
invested
mocking
it'd
productive
disposable
psychopath
excessive
expansion
farms
event
caller
men's
masking
✔
adoption
world class
dreadful
hides
passive
denier
broadband
nur
strive
raid
superstar
azithromycin
bandana
sunrise
conspiracies
highway
journals
dim
concludes
municipalities
spite
obesity
violation
job loss
enhanced
wishing
it'll
eco
casino
preprint
locks
stores
woot
simulation
changes
bopinion
cert
exhibits
payers
focuses
ass
starts
packed
dementia
tightens
problems
london protests
month
closed
spreading
dealt
violence
tho
chrislhayes
hotel quarantine
nationwide protests
absence
✅
mandate
heartbreaking
crash
traitors
headache
withdrawal
rays
chances
asymptomatic
precautions
die
helping
available
flags
tht
teens
offering
as
likelihood
cesspool
appalling
hit
discovered
tackled
channels
1918
archive
demon
fame
expertise
glory
sides
second
exam
close contact
distraction
fucker
messages
338
ye
hubs
sooner
veteran
relatively
goverment
surf
pediatric
parenting
immune
attendees
crackdown
cooking
educators
violates
unclear
upswing
observation
handwashing
speak
written
india update
postive
breaching
old
exposes
promoted
leagues
2015
nursing homes
fab
converge
supplement
vulnerability
measles
▪ ️
sees
quickly
buffet
eggs
some
mutuals
dare
exposed
trump touted
combat
behavior
lifting
staff
abroad
young
display
compares
worsens
close
cleared
crowds gather
sdma meeting
complacency
modified
monitoring
guy
proceeds
allies
drives
mishandling
played
extent
499
pocket
during
tick
sunlight
2nd
get
surging
busy
crosses
☠ ️
i’m tired
£
chubby
cunts
vengeance
rallys
frustration
ended
aint
¦ ¦
tablets
term
dumber
shops
dispenser
faculty
week
week ago
taxi
determine
historical
tuberculosis
horizon
interacted
hands
slowdown
prioritizing
portable
gadgets
guts
bummer
afford
plastics
com
mandatory face
3,827
existence
prep
inevitably
menu
begged
interventions
disrespect
demonstrating
profitable
inauguration
refunds
gettin
campaign's
wasn’t
boxes
ooo
selective
cheers
shifts
surreal
infuriating
humor
101
tomorrow’s
virologist
wral
scie
afraid
fake news
brakes
odd
assuming
misery
endangers
shareholder
bigotry
accelerating
sadly
offer
practical
regardless
reopened
3,246
driven
they’re gonna
pets
numbers
magic
oversaw
inability
rally
beginning
involved
epidemiologists
cat
18th
authorization
evolve
constable
topple
constituency
taps
gardening
cinema
ominous
halls
zombies
recipients
sabotage
dime
humanities
changed
ill
strict
stump
befor
lackluster
5m
mounting
we’d
warned
gives
petri
counts
find
brainless
disinfectants
unpopular
effing
rallies
pharmacy
haven't
administered
embarrassment
forgive
instruction
steepest
responding
expanding
judgement
criminally
borders
171666
⚽
brazil passes
spray
aer
propaganda
surges
total recovered
years
count
caps
hit hard
w
layoffs
atleast
questioning
bacteria
pods
begun
opener
indirectly
ridiculously
sincerely hope
clinics
concerns
approached
2,112
flouted
enact
abandoning
apologise
launched
biased
stopped
deranged
controls
1,200
right
abortion
runners
concentrated
simp
desperation
lows
meters
droves
sail
raining
hail
usnews
murderous
glance
virus strain
adjustments
thy
intellectual
►
taking
conspiracy
iphone
file
mirrors
inspirational
smells
trained
usual
rocked
graders
har
upholds
warrior
driving
worried
suppressed
bosses
buses
geographic
regulate
quoted
faster
world entering
bother
risen
wing
farce
residential
effort
salon
she’s
consumers
player
proudly
3,000
state ut
area
~
arizona governor
⁉ ️
materialize
wr
markings
excruciating
shades
makin
hoo
letters
tournament
live updates
business leaders
tickets
american citizens
2016
601
requiring
push
remain
precious
grip
factories
158
seemed
doi
dxb
bearish
toda
fai
pmoi
lives battling
base
lunch
impeach
05
pharmaceuticals launches
serious
looks
passed
can’t sue
samples tested
gains
jackass
celebrations
vaccinations
next
exact
unlike
putting
sample
esp
delicious
cum
rebellion
ways
before
coins
160
protected
planned
cloth mask
risky
treating
ton
ive
gild
autumn
donations
anything
comin
explores
addresses
disruptive
cal
values
literal
lazy
point
7news
loo
oral
venture
unfortunately
uncle
110
increasing
text
1500
billionaires
1,89,869
populous
retention
podium
depth
halftime
lakhs
addition
health care
cking
wanna
arm
without
workouts
vis
says
president trump's
whats
dads
breathing
reinstate
blind
government's response
broad
stealing
projection
stay safe
matter
fill
exist
close facilities
mlb training
shove
inflammation
fare
fancy
lenders
trails
defied
prop
respirators
prohibited
governmental
ethical
twelve
waiver
ramp
unusual
thinks
1.6
shoppers
awaiting
request
later
76
behind
workers
isn't
early june
nails
issue
difficult times
forced
hilarious
isc
mask requirements
builds
surely
gonna
playing
error
medical treatment
disinfectant
sans
cafe
liquid
⚡
bothered
681
201
resilience
declaring
courtesy
soo
interim
bastards
invited
lowers
hey guys
oo
locust
icon
disrupt
however
food market
scared
milton
hypocrites
definition
surge
sneaky
coz
▶
overblown
pleasure
scams
pathogens
sevier
respond
meltdown
pandemic colombians
mostly
convalescent
flexible
epidemiological
compassionate
inadequate
worldbank
rossdellenger
nbcnightlynews
nationalist
indicate
responds
0.3
finances
02
attending
9news
bake
governors blame
nos
deliberate
signed
taxpayers
all
aspirin
sunny
infected
recessions
booming
giving
climate change
ordered
recorded
positives
people
breaking record
afl game
remaining exams
3,95,048
daily u.s
192
thinking
gu
spot
2026
grossly
⬇ ️
novel
rises
fraction
testin
relation
busted
cool cool
suspension
19,000
rapidly
words
promised
many
edit
horses
victims
afro
saga
insert
slam
stuff
91
further
closing
guns
enthusiasm
colleagues
eventually
limiting
swarm
deleted
arrival
➖
summer season
motherfucker
parties
03
cumulative
lowlife
circus
sees record
returns
downgraded
that'll
don’t trust
2,297,190
attend
handling
reporting
stations
grapples
poised
quarant
trampling
realdailywire
refrain
lapse
ppl
garbage
⚕ ️
1,226
causing
version
thought
near
teachers
provide
uses
2,035
fault
martyrs
who’s
ongoing
tied
opening
clearing
cspan
luv
asshat
utterly
unveils
2.5
weddings
side
it’ll
gr
forward
719
certified
poultry
freedoms
like
youre
10downingstreet
seconds
urgent action
firing
suffer
52
farts
timely
seats
administration’s
reflecting
screenshot
92
returned
66,16,496
succumb
specially
fdny captain
aren't
under
leaked
perhaps
lives
florida sets
self
opposed
postponed
public spaces
reads
arrived
sabha
implications
delivers
camping
hes
distancing
bodies
respons
clarity
particularly
row
speaking
rumour
priests
ideological
obsession
lobby
administration's
secon
sect
abysmal
seeds
yous
vide
carrier’s
subtle
backers
stew
heavens
badge
monitors
prevail
adapts
concrete
visitation
breakout
embracing
replying
duration
imminent
multiply
analyses
spends
combo
soulless
spying
pens
overcrowded
grid
suicides
disconnect
uspoli
humility
blogs
campaigns
sel
stu
past
deadly
including
prepared
any
certainly
uk gov
holes
patience
brilliant
circulating
fraudulent
stupidest
dip
saw
cars
told
85
fellow americans
cause
preventative
privileged
cull
murtaugh
rathyatra
hunterjcullen
ardern
firs
adv
pinal
nazmul
zartajgul
church’s
needed
upper
cultists
⚕
3,137
plans
abeg
sneezing
involve
pit
site
unethical
conducted
worldrefugeeday
predicts
rely
place
aside
linger
darkest
intensive
14,500
barn
noting
maintenance
exports
medic
saliva
morally
healed
suggests
happening
volunteers
04
documents
brutality
thelancet
loss
750
98
hard
can't
facilitate
criticizes
resulted
org
ranking
powers
1st
symptoms
country
stunned
playlist
feat
changer
automobile
sadiqkhan
buckle
labrador
irrespective
wellness
spirited
ever
lowered
also
volunteer
focusing
39
sources
name
andrewyang
afl season
tipping
・
voluntarily
fundraising
fees
125
smartphone
line
excess deaths
knew
3,630
talking
news outlets
transmission
climax
hetero
metrouk
tumblr
panacea
setu
aarogya
pradhan
costarica
vedic
mrp
klobuchar
suppor
zimbabwe's
hampshire
tod
davidbegnaud
sensanders
pers
bre
rules
lawsuits
wee
waiting
social dist
maintaining
killed
walls
classy
ignoring science
eugenie
rico
woul
abandon
school children
employer
over
reason
bound
cgtnofficial
compromise
resumption
depend
length
conf
pleaded
workshop
recent news
ration
axis
1800
influx
wheel
stil
haven
lit
rise
here's
donated
risk
washpo
ameri
bullsh
nephew
mongers
arsonists
murders
pathological
overlooked
corrected
nominate
steroid
owing
shortfall
websites
763
2010
players
sites
besides
performed
webinars
demonstration
defying
bartender
she'll
pradesh
danrather
rates
framework
urgency
jobless
probe
graduates
markdice
mckenna's
jaw
adhanom
plac
inhofe
threat
less
elective
graft
practically
tel
utility
amid economic
coverage
health organisation
worry
attacking
detainees
case
developers
associate
rubbish
writer
fo
chicken plant
kloots
vids
douche
related
202
reimpose
equivalent
rough
lawyers
india's tally
409
42
separation
savior
homework
iqbal
madhya
namo
pandem
triggered
includes
awareness campaign
spreaded
fuc
freakin
expendable
empathy
suffering
nhl players
print
below
home ballparks
donates
63
☀ ️
started
possible
registered
sincere
employers
dominate
instablog9ja
elearning
theres
large crowd
pple
russia places
presentation
pros
arrangements
competent
experiments
trumpcampaign
sedaris
furore
yorker
imm
phase2
affiliate
furloughs
followers
aid program
criteria
cautiously
lookie
understand
lecture
cardboard
implies
pops
technically
stalls
vows
clarification
mines
indication
visas
sunset
collapsing
woes
public school
decline
soars
beers
graphics
pin
jeopardy
cheat
luck
95
stats
theodore
beats
taking responsibility
admittedly
blaming
severity
define
assets
decision
although
released
telling
freight
demented
functional
refreshing
lowering
forcibly
edited
partial
rebuild
laughs
copyright
recognizing
updating
calculation
difficult
trips
hasn't
person
onto
pts
alter
injection
suicidal
shamed
verify
disgrace
proclamation
epidemiology
assured
chill
entrepreneurs
underscores
fearless
tests
0.0
pharma giants
lawmakers
elusive
modeling
mosquitoes
lights
hopefully
blank
social media
partner
irrational
sends
years ago
understandable
who'd
concern
nd
pussy
2017
warming
campaign’s
susceptible
withhold
battled
blatantly
fading
motherfuckers
watney's
cou
lea
quicktake
advisories
test
metre rule
coffee
storms
quarantines
complying
delegates
jacindaardern
directives
reeling
deluded
cattle
ethics
displacement
truths
crushing
sour
seafarers
comedian
arranged
peta
poli
peer
balls
tighter
unsure
equals
speechless
repatriation
viewers
fascists
outlines
furloughed
takeaway
lease
transforming
forever changed
necessary
political party
announced
514
102
tested
villains
legit
55
craziness
electing
nothin
pupil
apathy
vendors
portfolio
kuch
boarder
animated
malicious
coordination
wicked
immunological
drowning
looms
negatives
catalyst
boredom
treats
compounds
halting
tempting
soared
fighters
inciting
pandemic's
orgs
subsides
unhinged
peril
visualizations
travesty
costing
skeptical
debates
volunteered
minions
papers
technical
reelection
proving
provider
mass testing
banner
saf
anyways
falsely blames
home isolation
patients
denton
fergus
maple
held
dialogue
extraordinary
mere
restarts
principle
200
costs
affected
taxes
confirmed
brandonstraka
bnightengale
record low
until
norm
columnist
semi
southafrica
lanka
hours
ma's
puerto
governortomwolf
fatigue
foot
latter
means
india china
identified
recommendations
cute
136
decides
pasco
countr
liv
democracynow
ukpolitics
strozier
sto
superspreaders
contract
whilst
texting
asleep
join hands
apart
graves
scare
1000
human lives
remarks
immigrants
180
thing
permission
fuckers
​
8.5
respects
put
claimed
ethnicity
ur's
tougher
trump’s supporters
75
spread
positively
brought
supplies
recoveries reach
rid
lovers
authoritarian
boosted
operational
a
somewhere
cunt
affiliation
neared
airindiain
waters
toward
massive protests
obadiah
scottgottliebmd
begin
sham
superior
attendance
souls
dot
enforce
insistence
crore
colds
unofficial
turd
yesterday’s
exhausted
entrepreneurship
wildfires
judgment
aliens
coverup
saddest
fog
thieves
trucks
loading
filings
2200
naturally
thru
followed
back
global trade
supporter
cnn reporting
focused
diamondandsilk
gujranwala
positive results
among
spikes
numerous
allegedly
ain’t gonna
advice
230
fatal
wasn't
choices
supporters
catches
still
nine
won’t
phillies camp
world wide
feel
mfs
uncertain
intended
vimeo
postpones annual
linked
causes
plight
fails
grass
essential service
soon
designs
tensions
hack
someone’s
frequent
comparisons
hostile
combination
government's
88
fishy
doses
300
early symptoms
last
comparison
borrowing
94
vir
michaelsteele
→
prevent
fauci warns
political issue
particular
illustrated
pattern
threaten
newly reported
tuned
airborne
destinations
borrowed
ganguly's
complicating
nasser
reckless
always
seasons
caused
determined
1,000
humble
levels
social distanc
5.28
presumably
working
spitting
efforts
evolving
lawyer
seed
identifies
30,000
dismissal
mocked
transparent
normalcy
recently
keeps
laws
older americans
161
bail
safest
payment
friend
14,000
health official
⚰
essentially
quite
☹
unacceptable
closes
am
lethal
rally goers
degree
⭐
statues
moments
01
rate
whole
longer
months
firefighters
casual
often
overrated
wherever
bankruptcy
punjab reports
clothes
following
social distancing
properties
fallen
branches
mutation
average age
least
expected
multiple players
complications
swabs
blue states
positive
within
alone
discrimination
proprietress
noon
torn
troops
defeated
32,000
sometimes
response
authors
globally
upon
attached
closing stores
malware
19th
losers
possibility
fines
staying home
effects
black person
fucking hate
with
awkward
conducts
haters
economic recession
56
happened
rightly
vulnerabilities
lays
drones
psychologists
declaration
virtue
12,948
111
getting
anymore
daycare
trillion
▪
10tampabay
joyous
selfishly
ditches
biggest questions
reinstates
brianstelter
flourish
delete
applying
rebounding
greatest
65
likes
facecoverings
pending
lightly
nice things
murdered
https
theyre
public toilets
2m
dates
331
uploaded
extra pay
watch video
wane
artificially
fossil
prosecutor
regarding
closed doors
privacy health
rarely
tra
voiceacting
tend
時
1,800
hoodies
wer
obtaining
tre
district’s
high level
outstanding
moms
contracted
showing
black voters
mothers
relative
off
super spreading
ticket
providers
20th
revised
genes
genuine
areas
using
widespread
truthful
conversations
care providers
increase
financially
idiocy
publishing
sheeple
prob
31
divers
aims
suck
33,539
mild case
willing
say
discourage
rednecks
lefties
tier
cle
thier
funk
prosecuted
colossal
bullying
clicking
agitators
owe
current timetables
foreigners
ecommerce
contribution
troll
sinking
outside
chose
freaking
clock
shown
didn't
hang
rings
inner
delusional
286
consecutive
3,137 fresh
alarmed
seeing
deadliest
iconic
couple weeks
71
overflow audience
cashless
rash
bench
trial
mood
cooperation
dat
boat
label
pics
appointments
recap
celebrities
prominent
guideline
worthy
relaxing
and
infections
shrugs
advised
gone
low risk
asked
mask policy
cont
clusters
president bolsonaro
deepened
pretends
examination
reduces
advocates
foodbanks
positif
temps
jailed
disguised
cleaner
restrooms
slum
unpleasant
appalled
menus
towel
dreaming
fraudsters
neighbour
signatures
laptops
wrath
relevance
deserving
format
pitfalls
aff
poop
atmosphere
plexiglass
uplifting
renew
uncertainties
broadly
snowflake
sampling
overtime
ver
immunocompromised
streams
structure
involvement
err
booster
spas
condemning
transferred
signals
imbeciles
pandering
afloat
playground
atheists
massively
parcels
meantime
loosen
divisive
topmost
settlement
sacked
rejecting
benefited
departure
input
essence
countrywide
hol
inventory
debating
ordeal
vegetables
urbanization
stemming
societal
patient's
confirme
sandwich
jokes
enjoying
131
una
great job
countless
fields
deserted
rent
boys
total infections
hugs
outcomes
chant
bred
ov
portion
cleckheaton outbreak
inspiring
institutes
aajtak
struggling
associated
7,889
cruelty
sanitizing
lax
78
cures
athletics department
compared
deployed
sis
visualize
selling
got
higher temperature
⬆
hour period
hygiene
dealing
responsibility
canada market
yesterday's
gaps
1.1
flu season
took
situations
noted
whoever
asthma
sanitary
delaying
directive
achievement
adjusting
motivation
elevated
sailors
nonetheless
careers
mindful
candid
epidemics
depressed
transmitting
600
front
amid surge
bots
mem
presses
fraternity
ownership
hires
pivot
thang
whereas
miserable
tweeted
clever
queue
spiritual
rapist
electricity
bug
welcomes
bites
permitted
lower key
temporary
vaccine doses
pores
7,000
those
decide
disable
examinations
undoubtedly
vibe
hugely
ow
days
79
enjoyed
worse
mum
others
burden
↗ ️
should’ve
lived
invasion
dancing
elders
13
voted
public places
correct
campaign
beautifully
civic
daily infections
across
you’ll
ka
measures
5000
meant
ruled
budget
pretty clear
piece
actually
brazil reaches
lonely
i’ve heard
allow
punishment
designed
need
maintain social
2.2
analyst
protested
persistent
gown
silly
teste
tulsa arena
food items
blm rallies
reported
safe environment
1.79
flattening
negotiations
she's
fuckin
one’s
pledges
rumours
principles
incentives
placing
renowned
setback
slaughterhouses
policeman
potent
dystopian
por
wrapped
auction
comparing
student loans
japan’s economy
enough
cliff
sacrificed
spike
distractions
violent
sharp increase
72
preferred
richer
protocols
metre
americans died
churches
visiting
decided
debut
confirming
weeks
political bias
nod
convenient
asking
y'all
an
immediately roll
diseased
643
waste
displaced
ironic
explode
intelligent
loyalty
downplayed
popping
registering
null
500k
null
gifted
null
orphans
null
grades
।
null
disappointing
up
placebo
persuasion
cooties
doesn’t matter
state's total
from
ignorance
concerned
happen
innovative
knows
grandmother
tv news
already
late friday
indian government
mistakenly
indifference
load
placed
behave
falsely
big problem
drug dexamethasone
far
2021
allowed
payments
mlb players
made
encouraged
4000
visits
scheduled
leaving
gathering
mindset
occupied
que
he'll
slumped
retreat
other
ones
potential impact
26
notes
restrictions
140
concert
smiles
dismal
appoint
chile reports
500
by
itvnews
thes
35
➡
183
favourite
think
trump voters
cooler
_
demetriachavon
sex abuse
outdoor
heavily
maggienyt
situation
dia
218
invented
red america
thanking
reviewing
casualty
anarchists
null
null
 
1776
hating
loud
gotten
programme
19,147
travelled
assignment
lousy
homies
bigots
domestically
sociopath
negativity
gasping
pisses
misses
whining
sycophants
hacked
flesh
impotent
funded
null
why
brave
trouble sleeping
doing
☺
ko
then
how
temp
flop
rall
headed north
halted funding
individualism
worrisome
null
null
used
☠
9
israel announces
null
work
targeted
shaming
gradual
thriving
arrives
separated
loaded
identifying
publishes
peacefully
culling
realizing
liberties
null
impacting
fabric
readers
in
somebody
crisis
exile
couch
ventilation
patriotic
specialists
mislead
succumbs
fearmongering
fooling
morals
adopting
fills
contraction
makeshift
plots
vocal
periods
circles
filming
commits
optics
furniture
trees
miraculously
detects
trusting
backfire
acceleration
rewards
keynote
regulators
area's
socio
whine
compelling
appreciates
eradicate
advisers
deployment
pence lies
financial crisis
underlying
organizations
man dies
68
ensuring
mlb closing
offering free
examined
ripping
‼
public gatherings
video game
overwhelming
aware
what
curbs
museums
skyline
unrelated
establishment
he’ll
meds
lsu players
hearts
commemorate
stokes
wks
121,750
messengers
6,140
gigs
definitive
accommodate
differed
spouting
4.5m
ahea
11,000
inconsiderate
nightclub
homebuyers
hubby
arson
3,147
1,124
ticks
460,000
damning
realizes
shade
hails
patio
poss
satisfied
transform
sweating
mulls
2k
throws
funniest
painted
rioted
halfway
measured
who’ve
vicious
462,519
10x
threshold
boggling
evaluated
arrange
infestation
700,000
succeeded
pricks
ridden
mingling
14,721
15k
implied
custody
unlawful
adversely
peddling
illogical
unpack
dense
oppressed
rallied
interactions
someday
backdrop
chats
upsurge
evolved
16,000
15m
morn
sociopathic
predators
turmoil
argued
brightest
refrigerated
festivals
expectation
exhausting
assumptions
reelected
weighed
limitations
shd
mala
possessions
94,000
hangs
nsfw
analysed
shipment
elaborate
null
lick
bcoz
equipped
rationale
endangerment
acknowledged
filtering
cnnphilippines
infertile
ppls
achievements
poi
null
festivities
captures
rooted
accurately
childish
condoms
conscience
condemnation
weakened
laced
occurs
micromobility
80k
bitching
subjected
condemned
uninformed
hated
12pm
other’s
3,207
resignation
1,077
enroll
bickering
emotion
commute
calculator
❣
stroked
null
null
null
null
elbow
tracker app
poo
de3
hardships
2,055
249
percentage
34
hydroxychloroquine trial
hacking
smart lockdown
count rises
theories
stupid ass
move
court rules
won't
bailouts
disasters
australian state
57
flies
enemies
4049
supremacy
frightening
protocol
controversial
temporarily
­
waited
fits
restrict
fastest
shameless
terrible governor
utter
prioritize
database
mentioning
fabiflu approved
presser
newest
ginger
juice
discipline
perish
inept
happens
abuse
infodemic
factual
newly confirmed
people's lives
terrifying
logo design
blm protest
staged
sanitization
haircuts
ang
submitted
approx
roadmap
riders
overweight
tenants
rejects
mock
weakness
8.7
3.9
sees largest
important things
moved
bucket
despair
incensed
clowns
weeks ago
hey tulsa
scene
protests riots
abused
dentist
ya’ll
emergencies
strongly
exo
☎
null
coverings
stay inside
sending
revealed
disgusted
follower
escaped
incidence
spew
prospective
knocking
lad
owning
submission
tail
dismissed
yard
cheated
curves
fleeing
morbidity
accuses
injecting
softball
grifter
troubled
⚾
died
indeed
diverse
demo
fireworks
marry
endorsed
rips
solved
piling
noticing
chickens
sidewalk
mom's
investigated
deprived
retailer
shining
fitting
intubated
forming
abusive
titled
pounds
reside
researching
inconsistent
ebay
workout
managed
shocks
diminish
invention
reversal
partners
world order
contractors
cha
referring
tenfold
midlife crisis
locking
salary
momentum
poison
stressed
testing supplies
brazil hits
ー
inject
3,240
urine
mentally
june 20th
humans
drugs
embarrassing
effective ways
delhi caps
suddenly act
loneliness
ups
reducing
staffers
different
tulsaworld
dishonest
pharmacists
suspicious
intent
you'd
aur
179
faults
resumes
nonprofit
ate
fueling
sufficient
homemade
incoming
kicked
way
quarentine
flouting
editing
family's
offline
earning
founded
grounded
believers
clearance
capitalist
recklessly
filmed
pesky
curbing
discovering
rot
family’s
achieving
serological
entities
assisting
boats
upwards
suing
governed
commuters
professors
senses
nerve
wraps
worker's
ment
bud
medications
colors
unwell
politicize
dine
eats
checklist
team's
observers
tripled
genetically
boarders
caregivers
inbred
legendary
feeds
displays
sadness
persists
hearings
installs
sticking
heightened
hookah
antimicrobial
financial support
7
roughly
spreads
bans
timetables
rescheduling
28
approximately
shielding
horrific
disastrous

total count
21st
¦
globalization
strain
vulnerable children
endless
shares
45
significant
exposure
low key
lunatic
health professionals
vain
succumbed
afte
cream
manicures
explanatory
lack
verified
oldest
ripped
reimposes
4,966
2019
kept
ending
internationally
gtbynum
3,822
hotels
who
disguise
kinds
pol
$
41
illnesses
market news
10,000
found
photo studio
refusal
100
null
【
null
null
coat
dodge
4,049
believe
drastically
withdraws
part
spokesperson
everyone’s
own
around
clearly
manufacturing
visa
govt opposes
2005
i’m glad
creating
for
necessity
touches
pleas
propagandists
amazed
drag
deliveries
downplays
unleashed
continue
product
florida man
hormone
relating
intense
conclude
indicator
lens
thug
clarified
butt
encourages
pose
sensitive
backs
corporations
filters
compassion
taking place
done
comes
fundraiser
brick
astounding
down
asymptotic
coughs
efficiency
expire
stall
burst
overrun
prematurely
much
either
broke
tracing tool
undermining
feces
➡ ️
guessed
urged
️
at
selected
dirt
woke
uk government's
def
guarantee
8
ur
they've
through
praised
filing
cancels
on
♥
essay
interaction
vaccinated
refuge
relationships
supermarkets
manufactured
tracer
heating
reminding
wipes
0
hair
known
looking
37
kentucky voters
mlb season
physical health
825
versus
fkn
null
sees highest
nypost
couriers
consumption
drinks
economic response
27
consultation
hypothesis
merit
out
☣
hotspot
rooms
zimbabwe health
48
abstract
annoying
wanting
i’m shocked
deliberately
2024
fiasco
stop lying
23
staff member
12
gets
man’s
ravages
return home
weapon
explains
therefore
fed adds
null
reverses decision
chanting
daily update
november elections
vía
stages
coworker
populist
defending
speakers
unreliable
producers
spur
redneck
slept
sustain
wonders
screens
recognized
recruiting
handy
punished
becoming
disturbing
‐
meal program
‍
chaos
needs
gesture
rude
arguing
backing
description
travel restrictions
hospitalizations hit
arse
mean
plz cancel
sarcastic
doesn't
56,000
drew
launching
figured
scores
funder
enacting
ove
resurgence
year
overseas workers
leafs star
hence
⚠
bunch
isnt
diagnosed
outreach
prevalent
havin
slight
retirement plans
curse
bioweapon
wants
returning
resolved
narendramodi launches
diabetics
engaging
rounds
safeguard
cock
connections
attorneys
purchased
geniuses
reps
criticize
gullible
distant
quoting
leverage
upward
margin
academics
import
74
reopen schools
+
15
lifts
want
recommendation
or
contracting
skies
popcorn
total deaths
null
kiss
community page
kicking
airport tests
extremely
walked
blatant
sow
footy
avg
oppression
ego rally
become
too
wannabe
cousins
actors
unsafe
against
emotions
bec
ther
infested
insulting
whatsoever
crashing
spineless
he'd
|
sycophant
exploring
operated
demonstrate
colour
pour
popped
stacking
hv
bastard
chest
worsening
resigned
joking
nuts
spirits
proactive
hosts
requiring masks
kylegriffin1
shits
creatures
subsiding
bragging
lunacy
reboot
vary
quicker
solo
ralley
helm
posters
greeting
⬇
misinformation
know
grandma
う
repayments
90
transparency
null
cheating
null
=
obviously
family members
else
we
null
null
clout
doesn’t care
induced
otherwise
boring
anyway
goes
‼ ️
daily report
provide shelter
40
hiring
world countries
into
14
thought i’d
computer
neighbor
speedy
pand
beyond
normally
delhi news
widen
losing
a.m
pep
failures
@
dodgy
fleet
outta
coronavirus attacks
masses
playing russian
1,088
63,809
1,084
8,663,135
motorcycles
yer
cremation
comparable
alerted
9,120
459,211
3k
appetite
imagining
manages
tou
cramped
diarrhea
distinguish
enacted
9pm
incorrectly
⁠
unaffected
70s
roster
panicking
lengthy
manufacturer
null
buddies
pissing
null
ploy
fevers
suppliers
null
sprayed
reunite
rife
shatters
disappoint
450,000
jointly
mend
demanded
87,715
bounds
recor
49,000
selfie
11am
swept
cannery
organism
await
undermine
dashing
exposures
plummeting
homophobic
bothering
𝗔𝘂𝘁𝗵𝗼𝗿𝘀
attract
coaching
knees
supplied
surgeries
null
null
sneak
nap
morbid
deck
null
greet
avoids
assure
despise
hashtags
10s
divisions
60k
dominated
300k
respecting
vectors
hella
null
xenophobic
maintained
voiced
intervene
seem
nurses accuse
ti
178
remarkable
adviser
terrorists
ptf reveals
tactic
paused
46
caps cost
she
statistic
22
small crowd
number
massaging
30
units
sometime
274
589
fold
400k
33k
ramps
mongering
deposit
thi
deny
anxious
medically necessary
antibiotics
mor
5
trumps campaign
workouts amid
385
25
stance
121,000 deaths
midst
said
dumbest
b2b digital
everyone's
null
null
black man
2
away
hopeful
discussions
anticipated
doesnt
organizers
precaution
confrontation
arresting
frm
exaggerated
phases
imagined
blew
goons
clap
null
taking precautions
interference
gotta love
shootings
pretended
rave
righteous
rolled
height
via
disruption
manipulated
hai
appear
political rallies
pandemic entering
defeating
complaints
doomed
21
understandably
endangering
generally
career
extension
scream
important thread
ahead
medicines
16
exciting
coronaviru
features
campaigning
observed
contacted
begging
house announces
capita
saying
uk ministers
ago
dummy
hard hit
he
yours
courage
255
pity
sarcasm
responsibly
sack
location
came
wil
null
tragic
taken
president trump
bad feeling
11
70
opens
546
typo
routes
sanitize
continues
minds
bare
scum
query
♫
anti mask
about
80
ventilators
poem
depressing
shaping
seen
cos
went
uncomfortable
130
sense
1.5
declares
slowly
50
where
18
patrons
sing
actionable
halts hydroxychloroquine
pace
tulsa oklahoma
bitches
admission
unhealthy
ultimately
4
tracked
dies
offices
dictatorship
micro
pal
paranoid
demographic
disrupted
disinfect
chance
3
abandoned
10
handshake
chaotic
upgrade
digits
contains
should've
sneeze
funerals
local officials
risk groups
assholes
florida breaks
→ deaths
accelerated
predicting
replaced
gifts
shortages
horrible
authorized
downward
*
victoria reimposes
null
accepted
indicates
watney 1st
nebraska governor
unfair
patient dies
accomplished
slowed
sums
typically
grandpa
sparks
greedy
terribly
nonprofits
praises
exacerbated
…
17
profession
clueless
quietly
current state
pickers
⁦ ⁦
distancing rule
120,000
addressed
ordinary
weekends
reopenings
narcissist
153
962,880
60m
stave
sweater
yourselfers
transfusion
diagram
awa
notmypresident
hailed
usin
livemint
⚖
4,400
laundering
include animal
it’s outrageous
lists
doubling
forcing
statewide total
mandatory institutional
cases cross
feel safe
restrictions tightening
insane
reply
battles
mandated
null
null
2020
devastating
lowlifes
biggest indoor
partisan
files
tirelessly
bombs
smokers
hypocritical
community spread
glove
woman arrested
implementing
presenting
playbook
disinformation
bogus
6,604
birx warned
default
optional
functioning
stadiums
complicated
pivotal
contest
insightful
removing
mysterious ways
fairly
costs rs
rage
graduate
null
masks aren’t
sewage study
fucken
unfortunate
knee
watching
acronym
sic
racists
hav
null
circulation
accordingly
drive thru
60
excuses
logic
reflects
adequate
contempt
hints
whatever
00
toll crosses
ancestors
loosing
flawed
unleash
chairs
misrepresented
preserve
speculation
scope
behaviors
slums
crammed
accidentally
conferences
vastly
reckon
captured
roaming
initiated
deficiency
flown
breaths
tackles
lashes
phenomenon
shook
acknowledges
addiction
bikes
instantly
ample
sacrifices
twisting
mist
sons
slap
inspects
devils
ramped
agency’s
receipts
resorts
stricter
cbsnews
bar chart
kicks
resuming
null
i’m thinking
150,000
performance
blockchain tech
medical workers
harmless
outs
para
believable
delivering
trick
big crowds
⏰
null
null
snot
accomplish
subscription
total tests
outbreaks
frugal four
shape
06
they'd
resilient
ideology
logical
gyms
♀
double lung
reinstates restrictions
incapable
clears
imposing
packs
homie
retire
calendar
hikes
outcry
overhaul
insensitive
chills
assemble
justified
conscious
reject
insisted
figuring
damaged
postponing
buffoon
leaning
outright
realising
setbacks
cortisol
condemn
roaring
graduating
demise
toddler
alway
subsequent
introduces
equitable
realised
easiest
languages
permanent
null
drug administration
real danger
traces
facebook business
brainwashed
rank
reveal
divided
assumed
difficulties
imbecile
pointless
emerges
preparations
directed
wow wow
128
null
null
fell
keemstar
assange
grappling
hospitaliz
protec
agency's
supervision
rooting
daring
wingers
nytimes⁩
genuinely
reap
methods
incubator
hateful
ish
decency
tried
minorities
hotbed
endorse
pumped
officers test
missed
counties report
3,874
corruption case
useless
tulsa police
hangouts
und
neutralizes
mex
diseas
worke
attempting
incr
marketer
ニュース
i.e
hurting
thoughtful
meaningless
awake
improved
perfectly
ol
fragile
tremendous
spoken
refused
teenagers
consult
parallels
embarrassed
strangers
drank
transmit
excitement
yell
32
producing
style
grandparents
writing
crashed
realities
helpless
harmful
pays
organs
habits
invite
formerly
great idea
99
dipshit
uneducated
suggestion
semester
collectively
observing
variation
recognised
nearby
imperative
devolved
liking
accessible
mechanisms
questionable
lag
aches
artwork
appreciation
randomly
criticized
neighbourhood
matching
slip
texts
recycled
mln
sellers
bookings
instructions
interviewing
downfall
roles
streak
reserved
untold
gearing
tragically
airplane
bands
jails
sole
repealed
testimony
horrendous
raging
destroying
of
neck
concerts
picked
tracks
walks
recommended
knowing
whenever
ridiculous
offered
barrier
disapproval
represented
exclusively
suggestions
tutoring
episodes
confined
stressful
skipper
nahi
destination
attitudes
congregate
notify
appearing
cronies
tables
closes stores
players association
beaten
complacent
promising
activist
pulling
findings
crying
hashtag
pokies
player conor
nervous
texas reports
consequence
apartment
trolls
viruses
competition
blocked
contain
null
medical experts
arrogant
general public
delta employees
china finds
stops hydroxychloroquine
gonna happen
today marks
sheets
legally
laying
null
❤
tested negative
maskless
interesting article
deemed
unjust
existed
4500
540
4.5
465
3500
493
877
440
193
715
3240
147
152
127
slightly
polls
coughing
damn thing
bleach
escalating
smartest
boots
undergoing
meaningful
finna
coronavirus tracers
correctly
legs
cruel
1
survives
mantra
collapsed
borrow
8000
head start
mass protests
clots
inst
aimed
1,206
realistic
response team
posting
cafes
considering
gather
filling streets
blm protests
investigating
transhuman
●
doubts
seemingly
deciding
navigate
drove
primaries
arrests
celebrates
he’d
shouting
coordinated
bankrupt
purposely
disbelief
home quarantine
reporter
14,516
credible
classroom
girlfriend
seating
clarify
null
withdrew
null
replied
kneeling
arriving
greatly
they’d
nhs staff
vo
befo
che
abc15
unde
bef
accused
florida doctors
ability
1,500
becomes
changing
2,181
9,500
null
occasion
pint
erupt
2,297,338
raves
cautions
jikook
profound
labourers
jakpost
perceive
collections
unveiled
bcz
respondents
tasks
´
establishments
decimated
employ
crews
introduction
cleans
boards
advocating
suitable
transformed
screwing
prevailing
provisions
metaphor
disconnected
stresses
fitted
engines
happier
administrators
overtake
weaken
grads
commenting
reversing
compliant
travels
uncontrolled
resolve
settled
20,394
disadvantaged
slips
campuses
121,889
produces
appealed
bully
mythbusters
rethinks
1,24,331
dominates
29,617
rub
rename
thrives
creeping
outdated
shitting
3,500
70,000
hardly
hyped
crises
80s
constantly
apparent
creates
attacked
uk government
trump administration
scam warning
passing
531
188
masked
brutal
skills
organisers
twat
observations
strongest
groceries
exercising
wished
cited
ineptitude
diagnoses
awarded
enablers
bent
lookin
selfishness
incidents
slaves
installing
soldier
accuracy
premiere
tone
plunge
risked
than
desantis falsely
piss
preventable
ignores
54,000
upda
f_l_o_u_r_i_s_h
outbr
supremacist
mentors
bullish
marker
commence
lethality
boosts
documented
slice
exceptional
suffers
transmissions
encounter
cocktail
calculations
poorer
disclosed
contacting
indicating
prescribed
snacks
sized
prompt
waive
conveniently
examines
sentences
questioned
colonial
eh
approaches
thorough
actions
hate america
longest
proper
runs
trump asks
filed
willingly
#
hitting
2,215,618
races
1,000,000
face cover
striking
character
sweeping
breaches
touting
nearing
originally
motivated
offensive
shortened
sanitized
coffin
absent
mourn
endure
rated
messing
botched
willfully
tears
gradually
celebrating
climb
bill gates
ツ
medical staff
122
641
200k
cancelling
deadly virus
canceling
null
reimagine
peeps
politicized
covers
°
locally
kinda
reported 7,889
folk
creation
fruit
hit 19,147
amid rising
frustrated
burned
shoes
stole
close spring
blm riots
shambles
advise
eyes
92,681
somethin
stir
3,558
☞
8,766,035
demonstrates
withdrawn
2,13,831
pressing
shite
occurring
arguments
upended
digging
considerate
2pm
endlessly
rebels
sand
respective
authored
successes
dragged
9,000
thunk
55,000
itching
propose
announcements
foreseen
diff
workplaces
inhumane
noses
auditorium
lurking
backgrounds
removal
experimental
crushed
praising
reacting
notion
briefly
injected
posing
wider
towers
28,315
appropriately
http
importing
©
underestimate
eradicated
null
continuously
prompts
invitation
usually
narrative
skyrocket
20000
backlog
indoors
growing
unmasked
stop making
irrelevant
generated
mishandled
1.9
0.9
shouldn't
likely
minimal
probability
decreasing
covid19 dashboard
sleeve
stuffed
signing
tighten
movies
mer
workhappy
fox5dc
resp
bein
scrambles
exhibiting
cit
sy
thro
chriscuomo
connection
chinese government
warns cops
ambitious
renamed
arbitrary
local government
▔
draconian
null
deeper
to
sa records
trump shrugs
spectacle
pages
hoped
they
wasnt
uk holiday
addressing
1,087
null
acknowledging
lacking
waver
classrooms
flew
500,000
3pm
13th
neighboring
chests
24th
intensified
65,000
63,504
logs
sounding
purposes
49,090
sweaty
250,000
exception
null
117,000
exploded
fined
teamed
hid
prompted
totaling
stomach
disappearing
mingle
2.29
proceed
glasses
restricted
agreements
medical facilities
going
rock's
inclusive
remains
null
30pm
null
passion
ifs
oversight
null
null
null
priorities
equally
when
discusses
ogun confirms
co founder
isn
planes
null
null
null
attitude
controversy
334
contestants
million americans
complained
doin
fearful
956,077
3,382
inches
distracted
landed
7pm
capture
flagged
neglect
lasted
earliest
drawn
partly
proposals
notified
54k
environments
teammates
null
unknowingly
181,005
mates
my
576,952
compete
faithful
switched
thetimes
3m
bases
manner
axed
93,797
ilk
lined
themed
✍
1,68,269
accessing
suprised
122,000
beneficiaries
20.06.2020
ehealth
mentions
80,000
100s
supportive
dragging
downloading
slipped
mutated
jealous
null
contradicting
representing
pill
shelves
duties
admitting
121,402
110,000
adulation
normality
furlough
vitamin d
surfaces
visible
inspiration
chasing
desperately
reelection campaign
swap
8,757,750
racist rant
119,112
villas
hybrid
rushed
invincible
understood
，
bubbles
easily
4,000
null
ineffective
6ft
trolling
micron
reverses course
tests negative
hates
mortaza tests
major reversal
null
coordinate
null
null
null
dumped
havent
null
superspreading
exploit
lasts
foolish
recommends
state's reopening
hain
deadlier
arrogance
matches
ceremony
confident
document
households
shaped
shouldn’t
obese
null
hairdressers
inch
flats
beard
broken
allows
doubles
reminded
arrivals
extending
i’m scared
assistance available
generations
null
rabid
bizarre
null
efficient
surpassing
salaries
shakes
remained
kidneys
inspections
picks
debacle
million requests
airports
unexpected
singing
mobs
surprises
donors
ramping
dedication
solely
lingering
2,220,961
niece
challenged
null
triggering
downplay
inaccurate
washed
drastic
averages
coworkers
sacrificing
fella
relate
steadily
organisations
credibility
null
supplying
complaint
govt caps
appreciate
what’s wrong
total cases
hit roadblocks
long run
football season
doesn
injured
crowding
expat
e.g
fooled
membership
objective
cowardly
needlessly
violate
rally’s
due
relatives
participants
20
vigilance
restrictions reimposed
state wise
microns
null
trajectory
integrity
visitor
optimism
careless
mentality
restarting
fundamental
organised
welcomed
103
module
quo
adhere
contra
mus
splurged
news alert
knowingly
along
deepest
backwards
spark
inmate
roads
graduation
acted
zimbabwe’s health
trying
fully recovered
shall
item
twisted
taxpayer
sucking
reinstated
imposes
witnessing
legitimate
surged
vibes
jerk
crush
brazil passed
valuable
big deal
bought
endanger
negatively
exceeded
48,954
talented
officially
programs
honour
layed
deceived
settlements
spared
null
disparity
null
persecution
directions
enabled
34,561
revisit
trapped
1bn
acquired
⠀
tradition
hardcore
laughed
problematic
devastate
budgets
encountering
economically
briefed
insisting
sizes
cleaned
reversed
repeating
operates
00gmt
volunteering
27th
smile
months ago
equipment contract
daily average
demands
44
schemes
blocking
cried
threatened
educational
symbolic
beneficial
eatery
meetings
renewed
grows
moronic
frustrating
null
e commerce
nhs test
worst affected
55k
indefinitely
vector
prick
alongside
licking
button
2,500
clickbank
null
25,000
ncov
null
grounds
insist
redefine
reported saturday
cuz
policing
null
null
realdonaldtrump
66
unnecessarily
sickness
slowing
sparked
carefully
college sports
®
household
null
null
votes
analysis shows
visited
current situation
adopted
food processing
⚠ ️
stepping
19,808
67,096
cooked
damaging
enormous
sought
epicentre
impending
upheld
demonstrated
differ
rhetoric
stepped
634
smiling
1984
hungry
early march
postponeneet
timesofisrael
☑
censured
theorist
forbid
countrie
effectively
deaths recorded
maga crowd
null
null
uk councils
54,771
teeth
activities
swear
null
it
generous
arent
projects
biden supporters
cheering
prepares
null
charging
pockets
buried
appreciated
obey
liable
relieved
forgetting
downturn
locusts
trigger
hometown
hadn't
recognise
considers
1million
2,400
behaving
eateries
12,000
3x
closest
ranked
34,446
traveled
null
40,000
reassuring
14th
1k
distributing
mouths
apology
consideration
dislike
beijing tests
266
12948
1.7
3.7
3382
3.8
213
5.7
6.5
305
120000
311
aggressive
usage
death rate
null
nigerian researchers
cop
feelings
ie
liked
null
fucking stupid
vile
cast
supposedly
null
304
176
395
recognize
contrast
hu
increas
aft
unwilling
clemson athletes
big lesson
2,192
null
null
nhl training
6pm
pulled
handed
openly
null
casualties
supposed
intentionally
coaches
grown
takes place
changers
testing centers
looted
bad things
discussing
recent spikes
infection rate
isle
confusing
chosen
appointment
plays
marches
party tomorrow
42,461
evident
grew
livelihoods
13,203
unroll
8th
script
floating
1,100
havoc
climbed
california reports
flattened
booked
needing
expanded
altogether
feared
tweets
·
de santis
throughout
constituents
proved
null
backed
colleague
gonna catch
releasing
witnessed
clip
making money
begins
charts
™
tulsa mayor
fittest
case record
avoided
gained
null
loose
potentially
null
upsetting
unpaid
dallas stores
reaching
null
5.3
129
null
death count
aspects
germs
gut
it’s happening
working class
you
8pm
partying
enforced
poses
9am
mins
coronavirus tyranny
null
null
completely
hot dogs
market worldwide
husband
null
boyfriend
established
null
null
promoting
20pm
onslaught
optimistic
medical care
consistently
null
painful
quarantining
null
screaming
realise
vs
null
null
lost control
null
null
null
bills
brains
null
overwhelmingly
deserves
ruining
primarily
studied
shedding
positions
hiatus
simultaneously
must
tryna
wont
buildings
null
don’t worry
announcing
messed
politician
pants
neighbours
disproportionate
japan times
we'd
118,000
mainly
✋
null
₹
300,000
kissing
pointed
5,441
171,666
committing
15,000
16th
null
spares
sti
specific
dismiss
retweeted
protestor
𝗧𝗶𝘁𝗹𝗲
celebrated
wasting
publicly
hired
spell
staffing
00am
opinions
differently
7th
threw
19k
5k
null
15th
who've
22nd
announced friday
alleged
jumping
beg
impression
patterns
incl
booking
conclusion
null
ranks
null
null
neighbors
null
9th
scares
occur
mask rules
inland
studying
spewing
arrive
slogan
6
streamlined
wards
one's
owns
ravaged
expressed
4k
touched
loves
stating
interviewed
neighborhood
dudes
medical condition
trace app
apple inc
opts
wou
 
global health
won
2,297,360
gon
20s
carries
hadn’t
advising
60,000
17th
repeatedly
❓
null
null
outraged
❌
comfortable
essential travel
null
blown
waking
suits
earned
errors
10th
12th
blindly
compromised
absurd
8211
myself
null
obvious
bad thing
10am
shortly
highlighting
interests
sharply
null
sold
null
sectors
suggesting
null
67
suggested
discussed
backyard
yelling
exponentially
associated press
30k
null
marking
memories
121k
harming
instance
haunt
achieved
learnt
partially
24
00pm
null
null
400,000
30th
cheaper
scrapped
expensive
minded
understands
avalanche
poll numbers
null
factory workers
economies
worker tests
null
suffered
grants stopped
days ago
educated
fall sports
null
tw death
interviews
hospitalizations rise
able
allowing
null
travellers
business journal
eased
amongst
null
375
packages
pointing
nights
lasting
publication
ruin
beside
would’ve
lost ground
relaxed
395,048
ears
comprehend
freely
paso
globalcitizen
mounts
care worker
patients recover
wife test
climbing
null
experts worry
largest single
spreader event
profile
sealed
contained
ruined
actual number
steady
enforcing
abt
incompetence
i’d love
significantly
great piece
durin
football player
contrary
hom
reco
businesses reopen
confirmed cases
somewhat
stephenking
commondreams
actively
our
coronavi
screwed
issues order
demonstrations
regularly
dey
delivered
chastisement
computer's
152nd
coun
hasnt
joins
null
10000
believing
black folks
reopening cautiously
lik
freshly
sailor
2023
surrounding
stop laughing
we’re gonna
neg
declining
highlighted
finest
didnt
handing
regular
government’s failed
remembered
trump's advance
floods
cult members
prot
posit
11m
zaharako
hea
year’s
denies
closing spring
⁦
inevitable
null
null
specifically
p.m
favorite
represent
lockdown lifting
wouldn’t
null
usatoday
receiving
lay
initial
expecting
null
pissed
human life
braces
positiv
inf
abou
primed
cancer deaths
flurry
highest level
ordering app
139
somehow
properly
world experts
0.2
❤ ️
stated
appeared
suspect
thei
ain't
masks mandatory
pakistan registers
virus outbreak
long ago
cannot
spiked
586
745
99.9
implemented
imported cases
daily record
game season
protections
former bangladesh
latest news
writes
providing
148
190
plant workers
ignored
null
84
die hard
cautious
661
14516
116
511
146
106
401
null
accepting
taking action
americas worst
ought
supporters gather
maharashtra reports
posts
null
null
123
789
theirs
262
0.04
360
119
525
6000
3822
4.2
352
205
124
wrote
recommend
clients
null
null
can
amid protests
test negative
0.4
0.5
experienced
past month
containing
destroyed
amount
estimates
200,000
beaches
133
death toll
raising money
coronavirus briefing
kin test
simply
shutting
null
whose
19000
506
487
366
alt left
exposing
noticed
death sentence
virus genome
null
border restrictions
5.5
key role
null
largely
null
null
health guidelines
death figures
its
100k mark
lifted
considered
330
1.2
841
151
null
null
8217
plunging
everywhere
conducting
can’t stop
treated
bill maher
controlling
spent
herself
458
2003
412
395048
104
13,717
droplets
unnecessary
idiotic
physically
poorly
carried
cutting
1.4
your
null
null
null
thrown
mask wearing
proposed
care facility
null
recently reported
fake videos
null
can’t imagine
null
faring
null
120k
null
involving
null
donald j
418
394
350
119,000
null
throwing
null
137
108
larger
null
null
null
null
null
2014
650
109
1200
afterwards
null
null
barely
transmitted
circumstances
null
quarantine rule
large numbers
null
null
null
tries
null
faster response
null
became
null
null
null
closely
null
explaining
50k
thick
data released
null
null
null
null
null
null
received
null
requested
constant
urging
null
null
null
null
null
173
2.3
211
911
✊
115
224
132
null
null
null
null
gave
?
null
null
null
realized
null
free market
eg
null
null
null
null
county sees
null
null
showed
429
null
greater risk
null
million refugees
null
null
413
445
wouldnt
155
524
204
114
2013
ran
attends
€
5th
false positive
666
lives lost
surpassed
null
null
null
3.95
null
fucking masks
null
null
null
null
initially
null
null
null
null
null
could've
trump’s tulsa
null
2030
stoking
weren’t
null
null
107
null
null
0.1
health emergency
null
completed
1.3
null
null
month ago
null
null
null
null
experiencing
latest update
112
null
5g
victoria brings
null
lakh cases
reached
2009
900
risking
null
17sjcwwara
null
don’t forget
117
would've
named
handled
69
null
null
null
null
doesn’t kill
health authorities
121
null
young man
62
i’m feeling
mentioned
5,000
135
i’m surprised
could
yourselves
tusla rally
null
daily updates
896
great opportunity
father’s day
sensible
19
saturday june
lately
647
mask helps
helping set
2.0
77
87
3.5
football games
null
93
cousin
you’re gonna
^
null
null
news article
governor tells
null
null
sports return
national news
61
infection tally
lockdown restrictions
excess death
null
null
thoroughly
aren’t taking
surge shows
infection spikes
null
null
null
039
null
couple months
market report
null
thing called
73
58
null
96
shed
450
2025
ours
3000
having
described
2008
81
increased risk
chinese study
83
20200619
118
biggest daily
null
florida training
don’t wanna
contact sports
667
states reopen
merely
51
null
null
data shows
coronavirus updates
maga rally
97
brazil tops
follows
report shows
tulsa advance
him
89
2022
null
american deaths
campaign aides
death rates
isn’t real
odisha records
health officials
espn app
null
250
uk lowers
deaths worldometer
laid off
angels players
delhi hospitals
risk level
null
federal review
–
07
towards
local leaders
which
past week
toll passed
huge spike
worst hit
campaign rallies
league baseball
chinese officials
should
national health
null
null
null
47
recent weeks
stop playing
uk facing
daily news
stable job
53
care centers
tulsa rally
yourself
campaign advance
64
world population
appropriate
biggest risk
post pandemic
me
trump camp
suddenly baseball
social care
t.co
americans killed
largest daily
will
etc
close temporarily
normal life
happened today
can’t wait
state govt
bounce back
elsewhere
let’s hope
i’m happy
case surge
don’t understand
59
itself
himself
de blasio
43
tonight's rally
700
reports highest
whistleblower says
mckenna's positive
000
49
54
82
can’t fix
38
his
themselves
strike coronavirus
odisha reports
33
reported yesterday
120
t shirt
spreading event
might
million infections
entirely
2018
stop thinking
her
news update
damn mask
care facilities
08
returned home
2000
86
officials announced
covid19 containment
public inquiry
staff members
brazil surpasses
800
news noticias
news australia
bringing total
whom
breaks daily
weren't
mandatory mask
400
k pop
team sports
09
public works
watch list
29
interesting read
world record
health issue
numbers rise
are
being
experts fear
friend died
tulsa hospitals
pandemic accelerates
district reports
them
truly
disclose most
large number
is
36
self employed
ourselves
strictly follow
150
protests continue
gap between
distancing rules
big news
killing black
fucking mask
lockdown rules
low numbers
their
memorial day
players safe
quarantine rules
crypto news
cdc data
trump loses
be
korea reports
south china
great thread
business news
real problem
covid19 statistics
bill barr
mandate masks
ports until
teams shut
trump claims
sad thing
that
attacks republicans
probable cases
ok sen
local businesses
told local
wear masks
had
health workers
open schools
have
wrong direction
taking advantage
reports 4,049
tells local
news media
daily reported
start making
post lockdown
serious harm
i’ve read
world news
feel bad
didn’t care
trump supporter
latest outbreak
fresh infections
coronavirus shutdowns
warned friday
distancing measures
pakistan reports
would
feet away
total number
were
big business
india today
health risks
brazil surpass
has
was
news conference
hurts u.s
health problems
health experts
coming weeks
highest daily
mass death
county reports
been
i’m gonna
china virus
lockdown measures
deadly masks
influenza pandemic
sees drop
cases surpass
total tally
yr old
covid19 hotspot
actual fuck
1,000 deaths
amid beijing
hope you’re
health conditions
world economy
worst thing
record breaking
global economy
georgia nurses
locked down
trump supporters
case tally
single person
real threat
follow live
won’t stop
father's day
apple iphone
vaccine research
tearing trump
care workers
gonna die
india news
india records
amid unrest
health condition
feel sick
indonesia reports
latest information
wearing mask
cv positive
records highest
small number
campaign staff
county officials
deaths decline
toll rise
totally isolated
correlation between
michigan reports
florida reports
county residents
entire world
left socialist
great article
trump rallies
symptoms daily
public toilet
thousand deaths
real numbers
stop testing
ex bangladesh
infections continue
states reporting
virus infections
additional death
asymptomatic spread
global pandemic
essential businesses
health crisis
case jump
critically ill
pandemic accelerating
trumps rally
earlier today
latest article
odisha govt
state tally
attending trump's
2,297,190 cases
increased anxiety
worst week
tonight’s rally
officials report
trump rally
mr trump
hate rally
t shirts
tulsa area
care home
health concerns
it’s clear
hoax known
health issues
white racist
free online
50,000 deaths
zero hedge
start taking
related death
distancing review
health expert
reported 54,771
follow guidelines
massive spike
important thing
russia reports
mean girls
won’t wear
p5ll5vsicj just
seniors shut
coronavirus update
it’s called
reports 30,000
coronavirus outbreak
pandemic began
trump cult
tested pos
reported friday
damn masks
cbs  
distancing guidelines
best practices
150,000 cases
entire country
paid millions
players quarantined
coronavirus surges
masks required
l g
120,000 deaths
covid19 petri
beijing reports
virus transmission
test positive
trump's tulsa
self isolating
asked questions
highest rate
amid pandemic
times higher
real thing
it’s amazing
biden rally
ten times
president's campaign
bad news
keep carrying
york times
staff cancelled
ground zero
♀ ️
coronavirus diagnosis
it’s funny
can't breathe
brazil reports
illinois updates
bottom line
feet apart
unlock 1.0
wearing masks
clown show
wear mask
related deaths
government officials
it’s crazy
free testing
neutralizes coronavirus
school return
recent spike
new hampshire
blames rising
positive tests
recent days
highest spike
trump’s rally
support staff
cancel student
infections rise
wisconsin reports
save black
victoria state
coronavirus outbreaks
trump admits
shuts down
case increase
stop spreading
national holiday
immune system
football team
employees tested
amazing video
campaign members
test results
medical research
highest number
case numbers
free country
test result
blames rise
mar 13
india's covid
severely ill
pm et
numbers climb
long read
it’s true
aren’t wearing
followed strictly
coronavirus pushes
widely available
cases soar
review confirms
white flag
real life
reports record
italy sees
gonna wear
investigation into
covid19 tracker
brazil records
goes viral
trumps staff
s korea
coronavirus regulations
state officials
case study
live update
it’s pretty
coming days
covid tracker
real reason
official toll
health effects
first responders
new orleans
trump pence
big jump
remote work
entire state
campaign staffers
case update
news stories
reduce spread
tested positive
high numbers
say goodbye
e learning
big spike
today’s rally
economy reopening
clemson announced
health news
coronavirus cases
cases statewide
fathers day
report record
exceed  
mask order
trump's supporters
coronavirus instances
coronavirus surge
advance staffers
spread awareness
coronavirus epicenter
cases increasing
highest single
fresh cases
virus spreads
combating covid
toll 78
oklahoma reports
county reported
media reports
india’s coronavirus
patients recovered
days running
campaign team
positive cases
coronavirus infections
bbc world
new yorker
election campaign
anti trump
thing i’ve
coronavirus scare
high blood
working hard
lifts coronavirus
it’s sad
record number
don’t care
daily toll
great read
president's rally
listen here
trump catches
trump holds
political statement
mandate amid
taught big
state government
team members
record numbers
cases overnight
starting  
trump campaign
florida hospitals
requiring face
trump’s advance
trump lied
trump's team
coronavirus map
link below
coronavirus strain
it’s gonna
health risk
dumpster fire
american sports
treating covid19
bad flu
rally site
coronavirus genome
coronavirus fallout
stronger than
coronavirus response
latest data
virus isn’t
daily increase
americans die
rs 103
first amendment
don’t feel
deaths ☠
hospitalizations increasing
coronavirus fears
windsor used
delhi l
new yorkers
crimes against
high number
india reported
coronavirus orgy
including 131
tests food
fema sent
india reports
brazil infections
coronavirus impact
u turn
indoor rally
horrified by
beat coronavirus
wuhan coronavirus
rajasthan reports
today's rally
don’t listen
oklahoma rally
daily jump
staffers setting
coronavirus dashboard
florida arizona
re closing
final year
rally axios
delhi health
3,000 cases
covid19 update
self spraying
protection against
trump rallygoers
coronavirus lockdowns
deadly pandemic
case spike
sad news
several u.s
make juneteenth
requires masks
brazil reported
new york's
case reported
coronavirus transmission
locks down
event 201
flu deaths
close florida
cases rise
contracted coronavirus
loved ones
sue trump
german coronavirus
great news
null
glenmark gets
weekend wear
covid19 exposure
china reported
campaign rally
null
campaign event
prevent spread
v melbourne
biggest single
coronavirus clusters
confirmed case
county health
death risk
online survey
k state
rally attendees
coronavirus pandemic
officials reported
empty seats
health policy
post covid19
patients die
very rare
half empty
soccer's part
current cases
trump’s campaign
local health
trump campaign’s
little girl
positive staffers
members catch
trump fans
virus rages
asymptomatic cases
staffers tested
coronavirus stricken
apr 2020
total lockdown
per cent
anytime soon
new jersey
we’ve seen
side effect
cases exceed
post covid
covid19 relief
worst case
since january
mask prevents
coronavirus live
masks don’t
trump thinks
covid patients
suspected coronavirus
corona cases
record surge
travel quarantine
front page
catch covid19
coronavirus worldwide
return plans
pand …
amid coronavirus
coronavirus waivers
death reported
full steam
infecting others
positive rate
virus wave
cuomo gives
coronavirus panic
flushing isn't
tokyo reports
covid19 affects
coronavirus briefings
self isolate
turned into
coronavirus kills
surging coronavirus
studies show
virus doesn’t
trump staffers
don’t wear
hit record
new zealand
new york
per capita
it’s important
exact same
i’d rather
need plasma
us attorney
tracker onto
essential food
good samaritan
self centered
numbers continue
trump tulsa
well deserved
including nurses
coronavirus mortality
kept detainees
respons to
trump supporting
government issues
follow social
deaths occurred
k toll
florida's covid
leagues test
dec 2019
safer than
trump's staff
india’s covid
hetero got
chief health
cracks down
practicing together
government hospitals
trump fires
national interest
coronavirus exposure
face record
setting care
coronavirus vaccine
` s
→ cases
based upon
upside down
coronavirus india
coronavirus shutdown
experts watch
daily life
campaign workers
92 681
cases surge
advised against
coronavirus era
year olds
good morning
covid19 corona
rally tonight
daily cases
since march
tulsa event
state reports
coronavirus wiped
trump knew
total positive
gathered outside
covid19 outbreak
americans face
warns pandemic
don’t test
live news
it’s real
state health
3.95 lakh
covid19 pandemic
december 2019
virus spike
difference between
next epicenter
death rally
coronavirus turned
coronavirus particles
nobody cares
downloaded onto
daily testing
deaths reported
hosted by
news story
saturday reported
scroll through
covid related
coronavirus epidemic
1,500 deaths
death numbers
fuck trump
contracts coronavirus
200 mg
coronavirus enters
rally tomorrow
14,516 cases
won't reinstate
surrounded by
testing positive
may allah
cases spike
uk news
pandemic continues
both sides
per tablet
78 lakh
coronavirus stimulus
latest numbers
staff working
coronavirus spikes
virus spread
contracted covid
lock down
next door
coronavirus roundup
trump holding
coronavirus policies
3.9 lakh
smarter than
trump university
home state
re election
states report
coronavirus wave
coronavirus disease
t.co mc0uu5ebs4
00 cdt
hiding behind
coronavirus lockdown
contracted covid19
emergency use
trump followers
coronavirus recession
coronavirus uk
trump's campaign
uk tourists
global deaths
wake up
first quarter
t.co wi1y9mzzrl
72 women
strikes again
news today
front line
ramp up
again sets
trump's rally
121,407 deaths
fighting covid19
… https
currently 1950
livemint https
coronavirus deaths
re opening
million deaths
cult rally
coronavirus act
productivity during
click here
coronavirus alert
covid19 situation
originated from
coronavirus festival
amid arizona
focuses on
news updates
cases increase
coronavirus relief
never cared
brazil confirmed
non profit
thank god
record 153
real world
rally staffers
contracting covid19
trump aides
treat coronavirus
video link
haven’t seen
side effects
racist rally
season amid
last ditch
experts say
t.co 8etczucgx5
grappling with
cases detected
lgbtq +
adhering to
good luck
covid19 app
fighting coronavirus
skip 2020
coronavirus hoax
re imposed
8.7 million
tests positive
coronavirus hotspot
lucky enough
coronavirus supplies
brazil's coronavirus
et al
covid19 vaccine
second wave
record increase
t.co penrl1v2cw
contract covid19
coronavirus related
deaths topped
covid19 response
covid19 recoveries
self serving
won't enforce
honesty time
positive case
uk public
urgent need
pre coronavirus
various regions
catches covid
political rally
it’s safe
rising cases
cases tied
top stories
makes face
tracing  
debate over
global cases
phase two
2.29 million
pandemic response
coronavirus tally
recoveries rise
reported today
trump cares
rio de
right wing
sh …
coronavirus approves
coronavirus quarantine
florida reported
8.6 million
deaths worldwide
very worried
coronavirus news
coronavirus anxiety
spreading covid19
testing charge
breaks down
coronavirus likes
coronavirus death
t.co e6mhlkukra
coronavirus patient
best wishes
oqppyk85ds https
brazil’s government
pandemic lockdown
don’t want
t.co nfyqxxvjwd
vi …
positive test
trumps tulsa
doesn’t seem
nearly doubled
pushed back
$ 60m
8.5 million
coronavirus testing
covid19 cases
right wingers
million mark
staff test
plastic  
covid19 era
fought coronavirus
didn't install
amid concerns
smaller than
talks about
y’all stay
24 hrs
coronavirus poll
dont care
oil test
november 2019
covid19 related
buckle up
b ok
trump's staffers
140mph https
grapples with
reported deaths
before abandoning
coronavirus tests
insight into
disease control
thank youu
call 8527991729
covid19 outbreaks
nowhere near
covid19 emergency
blame trump
$ gild
daily deaths
spokesman says
covid19 failed
coronavirus accelerates
coronavirus task
coronavirus tracker
election rally
re elected
cases spiking
getting closer
coronavirus restrictions
passed away
2.2 million
other diseases
125 days
read more
irrespective of
many hangouts
additional cases
service available
god knows
what's coming
contract coronavirus
coronavirus traces
govt issues
dhec says
new mexico
war against
coronavirus spike
daily rise
fuck coronavirus
it’s hard
positive today
test rate
contract covid
2nd country
covid19 lockdown
cases 171666
daily total
bbc  
class 12
million cases
healthcare system
myths about
positive patients
cases hit
4,000 cases
full story
taking care
thus far
thank goodness
  week
covid19 safety
cases rising
im sorry
covid19 patient
pandemic world
nearly 94k
brewing over
via zoom
hate trump
old boy
necessary precautions
r number
t.co k5gfhg63vk
coronavirus infection
heading into
$ spy
coronavirus vaccines
america first
risen above
on air
june 26
the epoch
matter rally
international day
limit spread
$ nnvc
global response
link between
the furore
60 games
testing doesn’t
researchers say
good riddance
coronavirus guidelines
cases reported
responds to
dire need
consecutive day
feel free
again closing
go outdoors
five reasons
cases added
coronavirus data
274 discharged
chinese coronavirus
both statements
coronavirus party
including 22
custom made
catching covid
$ 1500
40 percent
virus deaths
manipulating covid
step down
can't afford
recovered cases
covid19 impact
coronavirus isolation
month old
instock here
coronavirus patients
still linger
heart goes
coronavirus threat
two thirds
move forward
please note
two angels
+ 0.0
members working
hailed as
daily case
pre covid
cnet https
only deepened
trump staff
front lines
most populous
post coronavirus
yoga day
john trump
months later
aimed at
t.co ch7phwsgof
rocked by
phones without
coronavirus antibodies
produced by
covid19 waiver
florida’s better
everything else
non essential
state governor
staffers helping
covid19 lockdowns
work remotely
bright side
4,400 new
i'd rather
coronavirus pandem
million worldwide
covid19 deaths
h t
2 metres
covid19 measures
2020 2026
nice try
report reveals
rally workers
u r
third straight
covid19 test
active covid19
coronavirus spreading
trump’s coronavirus
scientists find
coronavirus test
over 8.6mn
until september
cases jump
after backlash
apple re
new meaning
faster than
more detail
coronavirus victims
rally amid
under fire
help prevent
good grief
take note
h e
tally goes
ramps up
oh boy
1.5 billion
second round
half full
fu *
cases diagnosed
per cdc
rolls out
per 100k
us embassy
world trade
coronavirus aid
cases confirmed
t.co 8rqb2vux3e
jun 20
can't breat
china reports
+ 6,604
corruption over
coronavirus crisis
covid19 means
️ total
1.5 million
doesn't exist
coronavirus symptoms
24 hour
coronavirus cluster
16 jun
22 consecutive
48 hours
rally crowd
refrain from
proprietress https
coronavirus case
pre covid19
cases climb
hospital bill
need 90,000
news18 https
years old
breakthrough as
health organization
shut down
t.co lvtu9s5bgl
t.co dsq8tzlt19
catch covid
cope with
i’ve seen
re opened
t.co esrivilnzz
under pressure
anywhere near
national crisis
staffers working
the outland
t.co aqjrwpfnau
recovering from
happy coronavirus
covid19 patients
getting paid
covid19 updates
announced 28
world health
confirmed covid
t.co 6gotd0ubom
earlier than
six nations
scientists say
coronavirus statistics
coronavirus policy
10,000 cases
russia reported
free covid
good lord
please rt
grapple with
us ports
covid19 figures
20 degrees
coronavirus tracking
reposted from
you’ve got
covid19 rules
great start
doesn't care
protect everyone
brace for
t.co ofphhogcqi
coronavirus treatment
covid19 support
am edt
landscape during
158 fresh
july 11
self isolation
players testing
coronavirus rally
taking total
63 million
catch coronavirus
well wisher
school year
soon exceed
news times
virus cases
june 18
prevalence of
tulsa tomorrow
$ 22m
3 825
per 100,000
necessary force
june 21
anti coronavirus
homeless people
likely contaminated
stores again
+ ve
wearing face
brag about
trump prepares
catching coronavirus
79 days
tulsa campaign
pandemic update
current covid
pandemic started
17 jun
i'm guessing
still alive
inquiry into
massive coronavirus
​ https
delhi  
cases worldwide
contracting covid
rally supporters
06 21
early travel
major changes
cases recorded
daily high
three weeks
downgraded from
500 closes
million plus
no regard
111 days
june 2021
anybody else
18 jun
help determine
include many
relying on
cdc covid
disease 2019
00 pm
go virtual
spread covid
self quarantine
hoping trump
given up
rally coverage
please retweet
drive through
workers tested
old baby
local govt
patients safe
daily coronavirus
can't read
empty arena
strict coronavirus
bigger than
bringing covid
complain about
covid19 positive
year ago
covid19 infections
98 fully
five years
please act
relating to
covid19 spikes
doesn’t mean
fighting against
gmt +
staffers test
coronavirus stats
brazil’s coronavirus
against humanity
tulsa trump
t.co szpojpqlc8
until 2021
an embarrassment
lockdown  
reports 178
fauci says
what's happening
potential covid
per hour
t.co yw3wost3b6
court says
30 minutes
can't sue
complaining about
trump's response
approval from
15 jun
food crisis
protect against
make america
harms way
three month
new normal
contracting coronavirus
coronavirus rules
texas coronavirus
please postpone
bring back
watney becomes
coronavirus recovery
data show
covid19 stats
an alien
august 2020
two metre
election day
an understatement
very informative
coronavirus conspiracy
covid19 continues
comparison between
updates june
coronavirus spreads
state today
posed by
managing covid
trump team
p 500
through phone
june 22
practices during
full video
coronavirus resurfaces
usa covid
beijing's new
us navy
2.5 million
transmission from
trump lies
covid19 symptoms
pandemic news
self care
stupid rally
don't forget
can't require
june 13
take heed
arizona covid
t.co trnz7fefxr
australia day
sigh *
requiring coronavirus
far left
among athletes
rally staff
helps with
treating coronavirus
coronavirus treatments
old woman
recovers from
to enact
just interchange
caused coronavirus
positive covid
i'm shocked
top priority
4,430 new
shout out
every american
trump attacks
kill coronavirus
| vox
heads into
over 53,600
study  
covid19 infection
pretty sure
iran coronavirus
33,000 new
you’d think
coronavirus trends
9 11
don’t live
25 billion
against holding
coronavirus ends
covid19 crisis
five month
went wrong
covid19 virus
2019 novel
slumped at
hit countries
oh god
uprising against
on wednesday
reports largest
highest death
+ 91
interacted with
rki https
23 clemson
toll  
players tested
priced at
heads up
watch trump
stoppage https
i'd love
video call
tulsa ok
coronavirus curfew
talked about
covid19 guidelines
coronavirus spread
6,604 new
open everything
deaths today
rally held
total covid
  journal
160 deaths
covid19 spreads
infections today
since april
shades of
covid19 tracking
fewer than
coronavirus travel
covid19 spike
worldometer https
remake https
2005 amid
refuses to
death tally
   
treating covid
cases today
disappear after
lockdown policies
spreading covid
$ 600
analysis by
members test
bulls *
care system
another planet
phase 3
coronavirus advice
worse than
too soon
fake data
victorian coronavirus
recorded 25
masks aren't
partnering with
covid19 tests
192 false
amounts of
70 nations
there’s nothing
job amid
like wildfire
  states
covid19 restrictions
round 2
rally test
covid cases
shaken by
| wired
action against
vaccine become
coronavirus hit
unseen with
everybody else
an expert
almost half
coronavirus challenge
real time
welcome britons
spreading coronavirus
july 4
tr *
20 03
re open
more importantly
covid19 report
sponsored by
confessions https
coronavirus risk
not cruisin
moderate covid
depend on
unit at
2 sisters
june 25
team test
before hanging
support trump
news reports
six trump
what's next
cared about
health system
wanna go
haven't seen
60 game
20 05
walking into
kept secret
inspired by
harder than
coming soon
tests done
by reuters
no worries
coronavirus drug
science behind
june 24
aged well
tops one
let em
little flu
three states
coronavirus plasma
pretty much
lower than
cant believe
i d
mask use
covid19 free
covid19 contact
doctor says
one hundred
stage 2
don’t talk
50 yrs
a golfer
acting like
last minute
never met
level 3
40 years
1.1 million
deadly coronavirus
trump doesn’t
667 fresh
| dw
pop up
field day
wait until
happening now
magazine https
dying out
attention from
feels like
phase 2
most powerful
manicures and
cure coronavirus
prevent coronavirus
staffers testing
antibodies after
under settings
uk coronavirus
100 billion
come join
caught coronavirus
immediate contact
covid19 treatment
in depth
top news
resulting from
confirmed deaths
left behind
seven days
120,000 +
june  
looking forward
puts into
goes into
advises against
coronavirus numbers
8 billion
the hill
improves to
june 23
amidst coronavirus
june 20
including 23
coronavirus rates
coming close
i’m pretty
don't trust
infect others
coronavirus rescue
covid19 party
higher than
coronavirus report
new delhi
shock as
help craft
may god
rally today
more relevant
all movement
close again
u turns
  cnn
an enclosed
weeks later
season already
strategies during
  video
lmfao https
insists coronavirus
media company
episode 3
descend on
science says
600 billion
* ck
further notice
sports  
finally give
beat covid
a 10
brazil becomes
us china
sounds like
i’d say
coronavirus  
serious question
home residents
june 17
i've heard
final coronavirus
help fight
man made
the markings
coronavirus concerns
a hero
suspended until
zealand https
great again
club name
flat out
lied to
travelers from
india coronavirus
we’ll see
jun 19
new revelation
r u
beijing’s new
training together
closing 11
rooting for
hospitals across
in kano
april 2020
nears  
modern day
t.co vy4fvgajuk
a 12
said robert
covid19 testing
t.co wfrvrd9jvi
6 feet
comply with
anything else
very disappointed
this year’s
through food
covid19 numbers
| flourish
hurry up
brakes on
make money
first wave
records 9
covid19 kills
to assess
restraint https
✨ https
june 11
june 14
says imo
no action
stay away
across california
best interest
wondered if
march 2020
details here
20 minutes
re emerged
longer than
| instant
linger https
+ 153
feel good
until july
second spike
tulsa amid
in osun
cases increased
worried about
communications with
arrested over
days later
coping with
excluded from
single day
persons https
checked into
wall around
save us
coronavirus waiver
compiled by
depending on
too late
28 clemson
cover up
focusing on
fight coronavirus
figure out
refugee day
please ask
trump told
scaring people
skyrocketing in
after u.s
sets new
willing followers
90 days
tulsa tonight
world’s best
high cases
the guardian
dealing with
customers during
coronavirus measures
that's ok
tools for
cases registered
just sayin
too early
hope trump
10,074 following
coronavirus doesn’t
  sports
highest ever
near future
june 15
asymptomatic covid
already starting
another lie
long before
3,827 new
take responsibility
getting ready
i’m sorry
violations https
different than
nytimes despite
phase 4
odds on
taking over
july 1
trumps coronavirus
fight against
  war
cases near
good god
america sick
in italy's
one million
2 metre
same energy
absolutely nothing
recover from
turns out
can't wait
support black
news https
relatively few
reported 27
by bill
children during
announces new
deal with
lied about
doesn’t give
in cuba
the hindu
reported cases
yeah right
jun 2020
sit back
6 ft
13,000 https
screened at
bitch about
june 8
of america's
june 30
bloomberg https
study indicates
| huffpost
few minutes
nearly 50,000
kinds of
cities across
close down
portal https
jobs during
shit show
negative covid
even tho
covid19 status
an interview
battle against
take action
living with
coronavirus safety
cases friday
nobody wants
1 metre
facility after
lessons from
phase 1
the modi
i'm glad
pieces of
violence against
speaking about
pm today
antibodies against
months before
ndtv https
t.co dyqmpkcc7u
time lapse
1,206 new
covid19 data
some stores
very concerning
good news
$ 1.5
before november
attempting to
nearly 1,500
most americans
much needed
talking about
* ing
over 150k
prepared for
god’s will
greater than
vital to
let fauci
safe food
you've got
please sign
june 2020
too busy
crosses 4
covid19 death
coronavirus medicine
30 lsu
truth about
covid19 case
an api
aspects of
smh https
turn into
minister says
smart enough
the lancet
3,246 new
the globe
crap about
uk hospitals
considerations for
this week's
care less
the navy
dumbasses https
adhere to
85 deaths
china claims
trump death
answers about
don’t come
per million
now 763
against trump's
first news
workouts after
ideas for
cases yesterday
june 19
primed to
black people
decreased by
into gear
the atlantic
devastated by
rely on
keep coming
california coronavirus
lockdown low
second consecutive
full details
thing ever
$ 500
made 192
all mlb
protesting against
big time
we're gonna
talk about
app now
cases pass
people once
several states
provided by
rises to
almost certainly
covid19 victims
interact with
virus immunity
set up
read here
warning over
my god
athletic https
new music
06 20
god help
immunity against
government says
r rate
players test
obsessed with
reports nearly
doesn't matter
without vaccine
wsj https
an alternate
5 minutes
type 1
hours before
focused on
means nothing
doesn't seem
20 06
curfew as
can’t make
listens to
feel better
$ 1,000
of 100
lost family
just in
plug in
no responsibility
last updated
read full
three days
line up
weaker than
cough *
under control
tens of
arranged for
i've seen
wedding day
seven weeks
can’t believe
top five
lockdown day
succumbed to
don’t let
straight day
epitome of
by october
less likely
next month
* cking
protesting outside
supervision of
coming back
owned by
dealt with
contracts covid
7news https
56 deaths
bad enough
novel coronavirus
counted as
4 lakh
these states
3,874 new
amid covid
something else
coronavirus affects
eight states
participating in
better ban
covid 19
contrary to
coronavirus fight
step back
struggling with
$ 750
more women
but boris
benefit from
help slow
act now
after employee
officials say
initiatives to
analysis 2020
the prison
incapable of
symptomatic or
hasn't gone
felt like
influx of
despite one
dream https
just plain
steps to
only god
npr https
among 23
took place
tweeting about
let’s make
never forget
sick again
year old
i’ll take
long enough
i c
intend to
june 10
reuters https
no sports
deaths caused
concerns about
choose between
declared covid
the uk’s
cm says
concerned about
referring to
complicit in
scrambling to
order now
there’s still
apologise for
mixed as
  beds
the sacramento
quarantined after
lol https
i'd like
the indian
amid new
thoughts about
sound like
u guys
covid19 recovery
i’ve never
no fever
king of
portion of
the new
i’m sure
  days
going anywhere
worst part
admitted in
24 7
impressed with
study says
so i'm
crisis https
coronavirus recommendations
over 2,000
moving into
persisting in
doesn’t need
round up
over 3.95
total now
can't fix
rush to
news live
welp https
past 2
in coimbatore
healthy people
so excited
any reason
new cases
️ https
criteria for
plagues as
take advantage
doesn't spread
the mets
covid19 vaccines
poised to
built into
farts https
debunked https
covid19 isn’t
market 2020
ya go
shocker https
deadline https
facts about
more details
fraction of
prays for
over 56,000
change everything
audit of
politico https
exempt from
last thing
sympathy for
doesn’t work
caught covid
cuomo says
government warns
sit in
last night
most vulnerable
two pandemics
several times
still exists
my dad
pandemic https
axios https
no clue
five players
struck by
team staff
detection of
belong to
seriously ill
think twice
other nations
number one
drive in
comparison https
on thursday
warns of
goes away
lets see
driven by
lmao https
coronavirus https
in nigeria
19,147 https
on contact
us election
more americans
covid19 funds
young people
unable to
of 5
lines of
boom https
report https
quarantine https
new year
life after
other sports
45 additional
made aware
solutions for
new article
shit together
an agreement
depends on
phone without
test done
let’s see
27,700 in
most effective
spread across
national day
global food
old man
that we're
at home
back tougher
during pandemic
get paid
organized by
loved one
the solar
so keen
* cough
whole world
honest about
a 100
embarrassment to
global coronavirus
science during
very happy
shut everything
re close
charged with
thousand people
lots of
now requiring
forgot about
americans need
daily spike
to adapt
with top
streets around
i’ve ever
districts of
oh dear
new rules
bruh https
whole thread
about reopening
personally know
us market
sigh https
55,209 new
carry on
aims to
the aftermath
very true
june 7
july 2020
fit for
twice before
fuck off
let’s keep
an ideal
they’re doing
new development
$ 100,000
option for
top story
to hire
9news https
impacted by
protest against
pretty good
this tuesday
across u.s
most likely
keep safe
new study
emerge from
protestors across
someone else
new episode
forbes https
32,000 new
work life
owing to
presented by
god please
new blog
many needless
absolutely right
war on
other states
the impossible
detained in
of 10
threatens to
+ alt
lockdown again
coronavirus hospitalizations
postponed after
12 pm
bored of
to honor
sh *
fam https
next week
distraction from
these historic
excited about
daughter https
best friend
more deaths
connect with
paper on
tbh https
new phase
postponed due
the pres
jeopardy https
next level
questions about
winner of
surrender to
* checks
rally hasn’t
i’ve got
check out
546 new
long does
actually believe
five days
avoid getting
making sure
closed until
thank u
two other
watch here
prior to
fauci said
negative for
we've seen
says he’s
concern over
protect others
communities during
after family
new record
dependent on
covid19 tracing
never ever
resumption of
it's ok
come all
new deaths
at 2
loads of
close nearly
mostly in
sailing from
an insult
written by
afraid to
braces for
an android
employees test
three times
14 days
straight to
8 years
just uploaded
act as
of 2019
don’t wish
prayers up
supposed to
effects of
the presidential
police say
please pray
doesn’t believe
the australian
including 2
huh https
silent about
and science
no longer
more harm
the independent
printed on
reports 5
breaching coronavirus
over 4000
anyone else
new video
no mask
in fighting
nothing else
parents in
reveals 20
the verge
covid deaths
tips on
to calm
almost 100
watney first
the nflpa
staffer at
| cricket
finally got
get ready
discharged in
an option
preps for
at stake
from cnn
tournament after
just disappeared
a 4
rise again
consequence of
months into
coronavirus uptick
letter from
if trump
over 1,200
the irs
setup for
very low
enforcement of
cnbc https
i'm sick
now required
the centre
kill more
life during
i’m seeing
another virus
  analysis
don't worry
the century
feel about
shame on
an accident
daily number
caused by
for sale
reports 10
institutions under
worry about
succumb to
rather die
commented on
please listen
responding to
participated in
walk in
make sense
listened to
collaboration with
with google
  app
too far
adjustments https
refusal to
rise among
he’s doing
dont want
led by
the govt
expert says
the chartered
don’t work
distract from
the afl
the un
opinion |
sir please
16 friends
election year
15 years
of 3
forgotten about
the great
24 hours
the u.s
active covid
every single
here comes
an essential
the cdc
step by
stats show
approved by
register to
there isn’t
let’s go
shit https
00 am
the doctor
cool https
j trump
reports over
delivery of
the greater
second day
first golfer
of 12
new corona
yet again
risen by
forefront of
dangers of
719 new
hasn’t even
| raw
50 years
weighs in
the liar
english https
statement from
warned trump
never happened
in minnesota
100 years
from 4
upset about
day 88
not shocked
on sunday
overwhelmed by
13 days
before covid
so i’m
advance trump
removed from
facing two
doesn’t want
discharged from
183 new
ptf https
zero covid19
you guys
reelection https
at 20
rally https
5 ways
over 14,000
really sad
go figure
not listening
rn https
a lab
florida records
didn't take
on china
these times
most important
under trump
idk if
still dying
the irish
all americans
the pga
very unlikely
four new
some u.s
government confirmed
for 7
t.co 586mgjaywu
day old
the boss
fallout from
on may
150,000 new
tons of
other news
you'll see
partnership with
outbreak https
health  
ministry of
marketing https
the digital
634 new
learn more
welcome back
fever https
a glimpse
searching for
21 clemson
contributions to
some us
worrying about
steps up
the nhl
2200 people
thinking about
many americans
capable of
past few
first thought
an unprecedented
10 years
of 30
tribune https
each other
gets worse
153 deaths
let alone
a 1
next season
on twitter
he’s got
self reporting
3,822 new
anyone surprised
so funny
don't care
number 1
together in
faced by
33,539 new
in ghana
in person
whole family
age well
for 2020
feel like
from april
in ukraine
everything except
the path
study https
keep hearing
doesn’t make
go go
hard work
the president
three months
within days
experts believe
through june
the worldwide
covid19 super
took precautions
249 new
the prime
isle of
they’re already
states see
getting worse
tsunami of
in dallas
examples of
second hand
the uk's
much money
past day
didn’t even
10 14
smartphones https
no problem
problems with
two women
based on
come together
absence of
to perform
let's make
tulsa today
compared to
violence https
from monday
just 2
way forward
the coronavirus
cares about
lockdown https
many rioters
campaign confirmed
not much
the athletic
i'll take
review into
tsunami https
two months
by june
sheriff says
displaced people
many protestors
chooses to
linked to
already knew
the texas
dies of
bothered to
done everything
into 2021
fears of
absolutely not
chat with
the republican
we'll see
scandal https
don’t tell
aren’t even
season https
transmission https
from sunday
human being
across america
up again
last month
criteria to
cases reach
️ deaths
team tested
aim at
so what's
report 2020
innovation https
amazing work
a n
ya know
collected from
last week
the edge
most trusted
the world's
cough on
representation of
y’all really
12 students
gone away
fuck https
please go
the fed
ya think
something new
on android
moved from
thread https
disregard for
as total
own voters
very cool
to celebrate
innocent people
one hour
of 50
from 2
sure if
the co
other places
height of
coronavirus app
ban on
too funny
no shit
well said
the msm
5 phillies
the nih
really bad
oh shit
decides to
holds first
w o
the tsa
11 stores
an end
too often
safe until
uk confirmed
refer to
trump says
# sokoweekend
new case
live without
the philadelphia
federal coronavirus
y’all better
the star
resulted in
ongoing coronavirus
protected from
epidemic in
won't stop
after record
missing from
honestly think
please wear
nice work
chairman of
$ 0
once in
in lagos
respond to
the netherlands
the house
four months
of trust
survive coronavirus
the democrats
no second
in abuja
the sars
one third
bitch https
played by
the devil
once again
the usa
the science
guys take
i’m getting
after employees
developed by
banned from
new high
the premier
ministry says
didn’t think
killing people
good times
doesn't sharing
not okay
the seattle
no community
a murderer
like he's
$ 60
not afraid
lack of
miles from
@ bernadettentf
returns to
four days
and brown
prepare for
only reason
accountability for
ain’t going
before rally
string of
multiple people
illustrated https
act like
at 1
bro https
for 20
the philippine
times https
combined with
unwilling to
won’t take
seven day
1000s of
diseases like
we've got
an abundance
as urgent
manager https
cnnpolitics https
b c
guidance https
mishandling of
listening to
weeks before
responsible for
as u.s
30 pm
i can't
layers of
an australian
the san
reported nearly
any chance
sign up
guilty of
for 45
for 10
spoke with
still active
cov 2
desire to
restrictions during
take home
of 18
because trump
oh no
im so
286 new
stuck in
attempted to
we’re still
it’s okay
at 4
the balls
see ya
little different
attributed to
voters think
adapting to
registered in
trends in
a 5
$ 16
facility https
the eu
cooler https
camp https
oh yeah
than ever
surrendered to
deadly than
regard to
spike https
same people
⁦ @
over 65
filled with
since mid
the conversation
the people's
donation to
isn’t even
the gop
$ 25
i'd say
ladies and
few weeks
of life
an epic
an estimated
onslaught of
laughing at
dies after
got ppp
despite risks
speaks on
market during
the standard
the mail
hearing about
reopens after
weigh in
personnel of
becoming much
applies to
facts behind
alot of
already tested
start doing
much lower
you’re right
so confused
poor people
womenscaretrump #
the trump
mask https
winds up
calls for
don’t believe
i saw
doctors say
tend to
turn out
even starts
traced to
day 99
lets get
scrambles to
for biden
show up
toll now
several months
welcome to
chief says
hundred and
grow by
wondering if
hope you're
refuse to
$ 1,500
at skims
let’s do
elderly people
the scottish
after player
complex after
hesitate to
cult https
at bay
385 new
bound to
we're going
tied to
meeting with
as toll
one word
guide to
stand by
i'm hoping
bullshit https
warns against
healthworld https
2026 |
the mayor
21 june
@ un
dozens of
the covid
# businessnews
sports until
just 1
tickets to
suspended after
19,000 people
us citizens
justice for
with 10
please contact
a nationwide
opening up
did u
advice from
implementation of
but i’ll
referred to
to expand
# fmtnews
jumped to
calling for
180 new
whole lot
ever heard
production of
to worry
at 3
stands at
board of
enough with
over 1,800
installed on
positive coronavirus
gets sick
the nba
the w.h.o
go ahead
since may
feeling well
ticket to
1,226 new
accountable for
don’t give
a barnburner
the financial
by july
delayed by
# coronaviruschina
we're in
a combination
leg of
don't let
new records
cancelled due
3 month
and you're
please read
queen https
happening again
not giving
reflection on
protests during
| @
2020 06
100 days
the federal
belongs to
until further
# republicansvirus
center in
money from
hasn't got
4,000 coronavirus
the system
families with
wanna know
word about
i'm afraid
covid19 spread
into account
gonna tell
white people
the royal
# pmnhealth
# nickwatney
# indiafightscovid19
# arynews
wtf https
herald https
the fat
8 ways
not necessarily
they're gonna
as s
proportion of
the fda
published on
from overseas
48 deaths
fired for
very serious
fewer people
to cause
doesn’t even
1st time
reflect on
rather than
finally get
ability to
entry to
these fools
plead with
in 15
mounts to
infected with
in 20
death wish
coronavirus ban
# askcaptain
# citinewsroom
# buildbackbetter
with disabilities
rampant in
honored to
one year
looked at
all food
emerging from
expense of
grip on
officials said
everyone else
the modern
# jimjones
# trumpcrimefamily
+ 00
it's true
hatred and
a democratic
june 1
in puri
made public
bets on
conversation with
to terminate
trump's first
attendance at
in case
54,000 new
scheme for
for 2
virus pandemic
association of
curfew https
talks to
the washington
the us
supply of
nearly 100
mark https
the senate
not sorry
several weeks
2020 21
attended by
this list
# x27
ok so
two weeks
in wa
thing i've
on juneteenth
vaccine https
plenty of
origin of
focus on
statement on
adapted to
spreading more
stuff like
the city’s
working through
at @
disagree with
during coronavirus
cause for
in sports
deserve to
feel sorry
voice of
# lockdownsa
# summer2020
# bcpoli
# chennailockdown
# whattriggerskaren
# followback
# blmprotest
# factsmatter
proof of
six feet
@ offguardian0
republicans believe
other countries
stopped by
chain of
after 1
since yesterday
students from
over 70
ghana coronavirus
21 days
done in
despite coronavirus
19 06
symbol of
less than
not over
trying times
a nutshell
the state
the streets
@ goairlinesindia
cities with
last chance
looks like
gonna take
opportunities in
man says
& lt
five weeks
# lonelinessawarenessweek
# kufball
protests against
no chance
the recovery
committed to
much longer
difficult time
375 deaths
do not
preparing for
discussion of
any questions
can’t help
42,589 https
name of
on fiverr
about 3
with medical
reopen after
forward with
issued by
solidarity with
# amowambe
@ newsday_tt
the blm
look forward
protesting for
an epidemiologist
younger people
left with
the room
@ govpritzker
@ bessbell
@ nikkihaley
@ evazhengll
@ twittersupport
# trumptulsarally
effort to
y’all think
too quickly
more info
expert in
day spike
hard way
responsibility for
impossible for
listed as
supported by
from coronavirus
five new
committee for
doesn't mean
@ dax_x98
@ caldera3cecilia
insights from
the tories
19 2020
didn’t see
guardian https
controlled by
don’t know
because it's
tests show
isn't over
never mind
let's fight
good health
nearly 4,000
the uae
the northern
@ chuckwoolery
under new
what's wrong
lying about
wrong with
top 30,000
four hours
eligible for
coming next
advice on
wanna see
in chicago
@ abc7ny
the green
shifted to
let people
afraid of
tourists without
official says
one minute
according to
an emergency
on tv
take precautions
the rnc
delays in
dont know
1 1
gonna say
returned from
of 200
can’t even
apologize for
and racism
to ward
affected by
45 days
power to
22 june
works on
choosing to
in 5
brings back
can't take
attempts to
started yet
the yankees
these ppl
@ adavidhalejoint
fight  
@ mollyjongfast
@ danrather
happens next
going forward
causing more
as nigeria
the destructive
mad at
hope everyone
after latest
12 months
more lies
push for
too hot
in punjab
only affects
post  
susceptible to
launched by
thunberg says
sports back
the workforce
accused of
this hour
after rome
understanding of
to conduct
research by
stop using
thought of
thread from
but i’m
briefing https
scared to
top officers
too bad
the pool
spread through
latest coronavirus
of 2020
closes after
covered in
experience in
stand in
20k people
hope u
an asshole
coronavirus antibody
+ 0
look to
quoted in
works as
playing with
4,049 new
@ anandmahindra
@ timrunshismouth
let's talk
darwinism at
quarantined in
claims about
178 new
concerns over
kudos to
to stave
@ bunnykittenpupp
@ eugjhawk
isn’t over
to address
if biden
full article
it’s ok
won't let
tests per
simple as
to try
very interesting
y’all still
few years
in papua
analysis |
all kinds
at 10
no religion
compliance with
let's hope
3 ways
with c
in arkansas
step up
sake of
20 jun
supporters get
@ youranonnews
@ atensnut
against covid
in stock
lies about
waiting for
over 3,000
in vain
talk to
and nobody
not involved
for 8
care about
# trumpliespeopledie
aren’t going
business  
continue to
# typhoidtrump
together for
decision to
kind of
about 5
do to
in los
from four
issues new
prospect of
jump by
# torygenocide
@ hemantsorenjmm
@ atomicanalyst
# coronainiindia
it's worth
angry at
rise to
feast of
guidance on
wanna get
in fear
# tulsatrumprally
faced with
goal to
funds for
disparities in
in november
the military
another example
stages of
resistant to
itsm #
till now
journal of
six staffers
perspective on
on friday
good job
prepared to
live now
hear from
# mitchmcconnell
# fredsfailure
money back
put together
telling people
straight up
an idiot
as usual
keep telling
they’re still
honoured to
week in
one death
didn’t say
laugh at
it's never
it's still
terms with
reports 4
quarantine  
don't support
6 18
no fear
new safety
ideas to
flight from
let’s get
very scary
no evidence
the dog
the law
better for
by 128
successful in
a legal
the ccp
heading for
the country's
trump's own
suffering from
parts of
info from
under age
the clock
can’t say
crew from
one month
let's start
in one
very few
just magically
done for
to donate
tune in
and everything
tool for
return back
20,000 people
7 days
the uk
# s3599
# dumptrump2020
covid19 research
intention to
obligation to
mean more
sites for
several days
country needs
argue with
immigration https
remain in
stories like
tho https
eager to
proud of
# bunkerboytrump
# r4today
# failureinchief
# worstpresidentever
a stunning
the summer
they're trying
first major
only 2
the mlb
highlights from
gather in
required for
didn’t know
@ cbcalerts
@ krishgm
@ mayawiley
@ themedicaivideo
@ jidesanwoolu
@ johncardillo
@ simondolan
@ jgilliam_seal
@ charlesppierce
@ devincow
@ raoult_didier
# enemyofthepeople
# diasiniva
# climateemergency
nature of
served as
and someone
great work
contributed to
smart people
happening around
in israel
this wasn't
increasing at
that’s because
new norm
# chinese
pictured in
@ zubymusic
# riots2020
# trumpgenocide
scale of
255 new
26.2 of
an ex
coronavirus masks
that’s right
on 8
nothing for
1800 new
climb https
desantis says
the wuhan
delay in
didn’t want
# wethepeople
new report
also not
and we’re
older people
relaxation of
danger to
tracker |
can't imagine
peak https
details on
new epicenter
# fauci
@ covid19indiaorg
# trumprally2020
@ massgovernor
@ kenolin1
@ trevornoah
almost as
17 year
said to
needed for
the side
worries about
keep wearing
even though
all spring
created by
@ mdnij34
@ emmacockburn
delighted to
one time
many families
space for
in seattle
moved on
let’s just
nope https
message from
5 tips
at 5
happy about
# boycottchineseproducts
# gopgenocide
learned from
states seeing
102 new
514 new
4 months
above 1
become infected
nurses at
rising again
end well
on digital
@ spencerjcox
@ kevinmkruse
@ iamgregk
@ drtessat
@ thomaskaine5
@ sdr_medco
@ harriscojudge
# utpol
# covid19ghana
don't work
again after
brand new
a whole
some states
listen to
other side
11 players
sea of
pleased to
@ maxcroser
3 5
the nfl
$ 100
@ pontifex
@ mayorjenny
@ markandrewdarc2
@ thespybrief
@ dhfwka
@ eatala_rajender
# 2ndwave
@ mbuhari
@ cristiano
closure of
doesn’t look
# gobidenschiff2020
emerge in
the joy
exactly right
stability of
okay so
quote from
# internationalyogaday2020
help to
catch up
the government’s
at 6
failed because
the continent's
very smart
inaction on
at least
don’t really
made in
so scared
didn't hear
much higher
gonna make
tribute to
remain at
places like
in chief
help stop
coronavirus rise
first time
@ liamyoung
@ gregmannarino
@ adambaldwin
@ thegoodgodabove
@ mcfaul
@ urocklive1
@ sheaweirdotho
passengers with
a war
the age
far worse
he’s going
road to
to choose
into lockdown
the rich
democracy https
for details
keen to
the phillies
scam https
on march
@ sonamakapoor
@ miamiherald
@ governorobaseki
@ ibra_official
@ sidneypowell1
pls do
serve as
coronavirus tracing
insider https
for 3
@ suntimes
sort of
and race
compared with
all u
fresh covid
tested before
the box
at 4pm
access to
after coronavirus
the crime
by allah
long time
especially for
# trumprally
new post
inability to
for humanity
refusing to
continues to
# totmun
@ latimeralder
@ adamparkhomenko
@ kristyswansonxo
| thehill
participate in
last weekend
the union
won’t see
the corrupt
hill https
growth in
charged in
click to
16 june
# vimeo
the united
@ trom771
@ mrandyngo
@ johndevore
@ mayorcantrell
@ jennyrachelpal
@ sencorygardner
@ carlzimmer
@ normanswan
@ johntory
@ michaeltrucker7
@ peterhorby
@ joycewhitevance
@ kishanreddybjp
# onlineshopping
# sportsnews
# bandlaganesh
# yulindogmeatfestival
# johnbolton
# workfromhome
3 4
# trumpscoronavirusrally
06 19
say no
5 6
of 28
decided to
i'm really
bame people
this week’s
worked on
transition to
over 1000
final covid
wanting to
deals with
after dcgi
operation https
stop spread
best ways
work at
# putinpuppettrump
emails https
at 7
fun at
lie about
isn't just
availability of
we’re all
sued for
30 years
speak for
fortunate to
in yemen
@ ukhomeoffice
@ kellyannepolls
@ vilvnv
over 100,000
check here
17 june
no doubt
shared with
at greater
the corona
than usual
the rona
# trumpcoronavirusrally
forget about
gonna go
in mexico
approve of
this info
comfort of
equivalent to
workers test
learning in
qualify for
to submit
in jesus
pretends to
19 points
hundreds of
for migrants
identified in
probably caught
fresh coronavirus
# victoria
# trumpcoronafest2020
over 200
relationship with
the clown
resources for
director of
withdraws from
to wonder
soon to
| chennai
vaccine for
much worse
so badly
14,516 coronavirus
mismanagement of
@ nygovcuomo
allowed in
india lockdown
on monday
@ bretweinstein
@ enduklockdown1
@ tucsonromero
@ bsybjp
gathered in
20,000 https
before leaving
glad to
site for
doses of
getting tested
please please
in tusla
it's about
infected people
a panel
the left
mail in
@ realdonaldtrump
+ 8
in spain
to wish
to look
rally fans
less of
the national
records two
# biden
forward to
for everything
info on
136 new
@ floridachannel
i've ever
i dunno
please watch
kill people
pass 1
implications for
for sars
the dems
@ chillepepperss
pushing for
in february
not reinstate
mosques in
# yeg
@ ysjagan
# souravganguly
# alllivesmatter
consistent with
coronavirus hits
# southafrica
this sunday
an empty
likes to
  cases
claiming to
top 10
conducted by
in maharashtra
the st
lambs to
mean to
no sympathy
isolation https
wear face
to hide
killed over
no plan
ok to
@ rudygiuliani
cares if
help reduce
china says
contribute to
photos of
45 million
@ meghanmccain
@ 7newsmelbourne
@ darrenrovell
worked for
the british
responses to
doesn’t really
website for
camps for
probably won't
sitting in
trump blame
so basically
plight of
+ 5
so far
the red
# mlb
in baton
# northcarolina
you're gonna
good idea
don’t even
underway in
he’s not
to facilitate
i'm surprised
cesspool of
mad about
schwarzenegger says
studies on
spiking in
get rid
a national
disabled people
don’t think
warnings from
concern during
98 more
from july
believe anything
fauci over
of security
early may
almost 4
keeping people
very important
shield https
= 1
part 2
process https
@ waltshaub
@ realcandaceo
@ ryanhoulihan
tech https
from anywhere
speaking at
they’re not
falling by
next on
no comment
drop by
breach of
# weserveandprotect
# rondesantis
two years
7,889 new
tickets for
set for
# lgs2020
for 30
us population
this summer
@ updayuk
control over
aren't wearing
# chinaindiafaceoff
i dont
warned about
joke https
the 1918
the ny
next year
new research
so long
work from
briefing on
good people
past two
spin on
brought to
c 19
very concerned
at 12
it’s probably
explosion of
beds in
severe covid
voted for
the orange
crucial to
managed to
good to
approval for
in 14
break from
very sad
journal https
flu like
stories about
@ jessekellydc
@ dsd_ghs
@ buster_espn
@ fred_guttenberg
# internationalyogaday
commitment to
# thelastofuspart2
an 80
by 4
6 20
# fakenewsmedia
because you’re
all sorts
goal of
get sick
16 days
excited for
# trumpownseverydeath
region https
about coronavirus
40 million
the lid
# remotework
# mustread
@ megturney
@ aktu_lucknow
@ cjtruth
@ brianvastag
@ allisonpearson
@ hugodejonge
@ arthelneville
several of
2,112 https
t.co zyrhfx4yd8
states across
@ motherjones
just finished
@ gaches152
reporters and
can’t get
@ jaketapper
after 6
# idiotinchief
4 ways
10,074 https
to disappear
isn't enough
version of
# southcarolina
the chinese
for 14
now mandatory
wondering about
# moscowmitch
six members
3 months
information about
@ stop_trump20
surprised if
@ rickwtyler
strategies to
the mob
the tory
doubt about
inmates at
long way
did anyone
counting on
# deathrally
# blacktwitter
@ rondesantisfl
@ truthout
awareness about
wanted to
it’s not
@ govrondesantis⁩
5 years
nearly half
piece on
@ chinadaily
@ rahulkanwal
doesn't explain
wired https
hospitalized for
even greater
american people
and share
involved in
# globalcitizen
of 14
of 15
said about
@ aslavitt
only 1
@ cnnbrk
an individual
gathering of
discussion with
$ 10
these morons
4 5
and birx
coronavirus track
looking after
unaware of
15 days
spot on
good at
@ nzherald
i'm feeling
# trumpdeathrally
struggle with
can't catch
@ leloveluck
held during
thru testing
@ govrondesantis
@ hamillhimself
@ heidinbc
1 5
selfish people
female from
# un
stats on
# bignews
tracker https
done on
take over
new baby
responded to
admitted to
hoping for
very clear
returning from
fails to
comments on
a hoax
@ charlotte3003g
@ mikandynothem
@ kingjames
@ deborahmeaden
@ chloesalsameda
in belgium
sucks to
| golf
# cessationforall
homes with
in five
06 2020
dumbass https
so fast
check if
because i’m
jun 1
+ 4
# trumpisanidiot
# newjersey
typical of
reaction to
imagine if
to sacrifice
fan of
10 1
@ nctsmtown_127
step right
@ jrubinblogger
@ beingsalmankhan
@ timcast
appointed to
soon enough
guess now
agrees to
into effect
dumb as
spit on
brink of
meals to
i’ll just
strain of
killed by
too long
from 20
# safetyfirst
# tulsarally
# postponejeeneet
i’m still
rallies in
diagnosed with
increase https
published in
to 140mph
always thought
people into
+ 20
54,771 coronavirus
in georgia
sisodia https
a dem
# trumpcampaign
learn about
taken care
4049 new
coming into
express https
expect from
challenge to
vía @
100,000 people
train in
do with
@ bidenwarroom
@ iancobain
debate on
10 days
info about
of god
seen in
learned about
# borishasfaileduk
out here
@ ryanafournier
percentage of
days before
spot for
@ govmikedewine
@ nycmayor
birth to
says he's
do u
the civil
@ changeorg_india
names of
standing in
surge in
a conversation
warned of
adapt to
# teampnp
# votersuppression
some sort
million coronavirus
flights from
i'm sure
donated to
assistance to
now double
watch |
# firstdayofsummer
in english
wish for
of movement
consider to
# sputnikupdates
331 new
million covid
types of
for granted
survival of
about 2
+ 10
climbs to
staying in
fallout https
sue if
report says
dose of
just signed
brown people
3 weeks
# livenewsindia
the novel
donations to
don’t say
# worldrefugeeday2020
contributing to
better with
@ daily_express
@ bnodesk
clash with
pile of
# trumpliesamericansdie
# physicaldistancing
in nairobi
# garibkalyanrojgarabhiyaan
stick with
getting sick
18 june
the u.k
really well
suppose to
  recovery
# bunkerbaby
born in
hell of
stupid does
@ france24
for most
any person
just started
can’t see
@ maximilian_
@ theangiestanton
@ godlesswh_re
@ lesleyabravanel
can't blame
you're still
# worldrefugeeday
discussion on
@ reneritchie
much fun
# sushantsingrajput
just before
the democratic
the center
thought about
the silent
traces of
@ clairecmc
battle with
experiences of
of cards
y’all just
tonight at
favipiravir for
issue with
approval of
asian people
# trumpdeathcult
left out
not just
met with
$ 20
struggle to
about everything
effect on
# vaccinesaregenocide
happens in
@ danwolken
ordered to
distribution of
engaged in
really hard
a goddamn
take stock
3 restaurants
# dumptrump
# onpoli
looters and
day 1
regarding #
forms of
don’t need
advocate for
from home
don't understand
# artificialintelligence
@ zartajgulwazir
@ senatorloeffler
one night
easing of
many reasons
# rathyatra
# zartajgul
in 10
the fuck
# basicincome
@ jenbrea
cleared to
struggling to
@ newshour
industry https
arrested for
interested in
asked if
no surprise
worked with
# phase2
# newnormal
works for
rival coronavirus
@ claytravis
off base
# tulsacovidfest2020
in usa
breathe in
as fast
donate if
stand at
intended to
over 50
comes in
agree with
ready for
take to
# wearadamnmask
the world’s
from covid
# votebymail
# canceltrumpstulsarally
# lasvegas
lucky to
account for
fine with
a black
well known
couldn't make
blamed for
loan https
don’t go
stores across
virus seriously
gathering in
scheme https
tweet from
the capital
# coronaviruspandemic
bored with
# apple
days since
a threat
say to
leads to
the democrat
@ erictrump
got cancelled
# boycottchina
the republic
all time
on june
proposal to
# followtrick
# 2019ncov
@ voxdotcom
@ manojtiwarimp
@ michelleobama
10,000 more
surprised by
excited to
@ oregongovbrown
@ rvawonk
come from
may 2020
plz don't
trump 2020
increased by
rate per
says reuters
the ministry
# foxnewssunday
# ニュース
decide to
a clear
six people
fighting for
ok for
with @
returning to
army of
a bloody
total to
# lka
request for
9 days
@ timesnow
definition of
in delhi
decline since
invited to
at texas
cancel all
@ cp24
dying from
origins of
@ billoreilly
and they're
202 …
pic of
views on
1 lakh
need more
in sweden
management of
everyone attending
the forefront
sick people
relevant to
# votebluetosaveamerica
manage to
combination of
freedom of
a service
daily death
@ lordmcconnell
@ ironhorse76
violation of
# cdc
heard about
calling on
temporarily after
timeline of
@ presidencyza
@ nationbreaking
@ jubileepartyk
@ markmcgowanmp
@ npower_ng
by dr
disaster https
shit like
worst day
samples from
purpose of
# trumpdictatorship
20 years
mercy on
# chinavirus
@ australianpatr5
the south
a lot
won’t go
of everything
method of
blog https
y’all please
use google
for dinner
due to
concern about
bs from
@ mayoradler
an hour
praying for
# بندے_بن_جاو
guidelines for
much winning
@ paulkrugman
setting up
banking on
@ rehamkhan1
to travel
to earn
@ norbertelekes
from june
an arena
change after
54,771 new
spotlight on
crap https
currently in
by 90
wary of
mandatory for
3 people
@ zev_dr
you're looking
strategies for
released by
on site
proven to
nod for
links to
people per
daily covid
a fair
@ caslernoel
phone now
faces of
on line
can't understand
dies from
@ asahutchinson
@ briantylercohen
impossible to
speaks to
# notmypresident
# elevatorbaby
first drug
tired of
the sun
@ kurteichenwald
@ davidmalpasswbg
accounts for
we’re not
session on
a mask
@ twitchyteam
@ rapsheet
@ thescottcharles
trump needs
at 12,948
changes in
the wisconsin
@ jackson_carlaw
last 7
an alarming
capital of
sitting on
reopening after
threats to
$ 5
3,95,048 https
challenge for
over 1,000
interview with
imposed on
@ cmofficeup
over under
kids back
entitled to
@ cenkuygur
stories of
@ linahidalgotx
refused to
# nowplaying
occurred in
in 24
employees at
grateful for
timeline https
in america
dept of
@ metpoliceuk
@ cmodelhi
@ americanair
3 year
@ jonheyman
opening back
this hurts
# blacklivesmatter
$ 3
a lifetime
day 2020
supplies to
participation in
dont get
suffer from
@ real_defender
@ ivanduque
@ roper_93
@ cagovernor
@ adamschefter
i'm thinking
new infections
well well
the press
so proud
# italy
doesn't give
@ punishdem1776
the building
to infect
went for
an incredible
another reason
# covidfest2020
an excellent
ads on
come for
possible in
consequences of
okay to
@ daveweigel
@ repleezeldin
@ laurie_garrett
@ deanna4congress
@ scottadamssays
@ miafarrow
to 31
ton of
protester in
@ minofhealthug
my mom
get creative
good enough
over 40
@ nigel_farage
# technews
determined to
an investigation
pressure on
y’all know
@ asteadwesley
thing about
after surviving
@ citizentvkenya
@ doyouevenlif
screening for
# stockmarket
# oklahomarally
forecast to
don’t take
@ huxijin_gt
pleasure to
think we're
of racism
to apply
# pmoi
the constitution
only imagine
insights on
an economic
@ curtishouck
@ cmo_odisha
in october
strength to
@ ericfripp
weeks after
@ therickwilson
covid19 causes
during may
so dumb
denial of
to smuggle
american coronavirus
over 54,000
no concern
@ essendonfc
@ mayoroflondon
@ dailymailuk
@ lizrnc
@ govherbert
@ chuckcallesto
confidence in
us president
4 people
poetry #
@ cyrilramaphosa
@ iingwen
@ cdcdirector
@ jennaellisesq
128 more
importance of
things like
still exist
impacts of
@ aravosis
in 2021
it’s really
benefits of
@ timsmithmp
@ thedailyshow
@ ajenglish
@ marklevinshow
second time
lot better
@ thetweetofgod
@ govtimwalz
@ covid_australia
@ rexchapman
and we'll
build back
planning for
don't miss
@ stephenking
2 3
register for
only about
it's like
2 people
@ steverustad1
@ ethicalskeptic
@ jrehling
an email
@ govinslee
can't believe
the white
talks on
wouldn't let
@ preetbharara
@ murtazawahab1
@ anchoranandn
@ noahpinion
@ billkristol
@ realmattcouch
@ govmurphy
dies at
call for
enemy of
voting for
didn’t get
success in
blow to
25 of
@ sganguly99
# coronafest2020
era of
get over
the enemy
@ keithboykin
# ppe
these steps
update |
of course
every person
fears over
@ murray_nyc
another record
@ seanhannity
weeks since
woman from
@ karluskap
@ davidfrum
every action
footage of
progress in
able to
# modisurrenderstochina
originated in
an excuse
@ profkarolsikora
@ berniesanders
new ways
2 lakh
suspension of
@ clarkemicah
@ girlsreallyrule
@ dpakman
interview on
in hell
countries with
@ ryanstruyk
@ koronet
@ lisamarieboothe
died from
failure of
@ ianbremmer
@ fordfischer
@ sethmacfarlane
@ jonlemire
@ devinnunes
@ dawnbutlerbrent
many places
deadly as
never saw
# herdimmunity
getting to
@ secondlady
@ lord_sugar
calls on
gift of
doesn’t know
aware of
cancelled by
@ angelabelcamino
@ thespinofftv
@ clemsonfb
@ spectatorindex
@ yogrishiramdev
@ myanc
waiting on
stories from
effectiveness of
sick with
the nhs
# spain
already infected
very nice
# meaningfulgrowth
i'm sorry
@ amy_siskind
@ cbspolitics
map of
+ 1
@ guypbenson
in 334
still out
# wearamask2savelives
# costarica
@ castellanosce_
guidance from
@ lindseygrahamsc
featured on
concerned with
meant to
19,000 https
gonna get
play with
in 2019
asks people
@ zlj517
@ sethabramson
shut up
took to
# sarscov2
@ cspanwj
surprised at
@ newscomauhq
evaluation of
hell with
best part
contribution to
after 14
@ mike_pence
range of
moving to
60 million
attempt at
awful for
payment of
last year
& gt
circulating in
model https
@ lionelmedia
@ skynewsaust
first case
@ govbilllee
never trust
climb to
@ shereenskee
payment to
# wearamask
we're doing
@ maxchesnes
= =
lead by
numbers going
fail to
@ billgrimsey
@ hoarsewisperer
election https
applications for
@ philiprucker
man on
@ nc_governor
daily new
these figures
result from
doing nothing
information from
i've never
@ acyn
right up
4 weeks
cure for
@ steventdennis
duty to
sitting at
# gopbetrayedamerica
the spread
a guide
+ 3
chair of
paid for
run by
program for
# borisout
flood of
@ dwuhlfelderlaw
cdc says
house coronavirus
continues with
far more
@ sexcounseling
the western
the chairman
# coronaviruslockdown
# theresistance
# kag2020
# digitalmarketing
tribes in
alone in
died during
surge of
students during
not worried
deaths per
22 days
the pandemic
victim of
a foothold
@ bgluckman
for england
new story
not letting
@ andrewrestuccia
@ rbreich
a blood
led to
@ scottmorrisonmp
go away
by china
@ governmentza
@ hillaryclinton
@ teapainusa
@ ciaspygirl
@ mobilepunch
year students
@ calvinzbest1
@ davidmweissman
@ mikel_jollett
network of
return from
architecture https
an announcement
@ cityoftulsagov
same for
@ nsitharaman
@ swamy39
meanwhile in
attempt to
era https
us states
increase since
hasn't even
funding for
areas with
pretend to
plea to
heard from
each one
a tad
well done
@ queenofhell6969
@ agencia_andina
world needs
improvement in
frame of
attacks on
6 staffers
batch of
arrival of
engage in
reduction in
connected to
# chinamustpay
the math
the books
organization says
year 2020
demand for
response to
just checked
paid to
enough of
@ gretathunberg
an employee
job because
confirmation of
tweet about
# wuhancoronavirus
all 30
@ govstitt
@ atrupar
@ jdiamond1
very dangerous
@ meidastouch
@ mysterysolvent
bout to
came back
during covid19
48 new
@ joshuapotash
@ b52malmet
@ govsisolak
# rt
@ angryblacklady
@ mayorofla
season |
@ trvrb
for awhile
no joke
didn’t go
10 year
seeks to
@ sltrib
@ channelstv
stands for
stuck with
own supporters
along with
way too
into law
rules for
on 4
ashamed of
just maybe
@ grantstern
bill for
@ repandybiggsaz
entrepreneur #
+ 2
kills more
own health
piece by
desperate for
from china
image of
4 years
a row
these 11
use to
to 0.3
@ petethamel
they're doing
the value
anyone attending
won’t get
in hawaii
as youngsters
forget to
heading to
# billgates
❤ https
region of
recovery from
the maga
@ keir_starmer
speaking of
warning about
and information
@ danielandrewsmp
bunch of
20 lakh
please stop
  masks
over 1
and they’re
2 weeks
so very
preparation for
located in
another one
urged people
@ scottpresler
the road
a relief
week https
@ bgutenschwager
@ natesilver538
it's official
@ w_terrence
in utah
@ phe_uk
knew about
@ reedgalen
got sick
# billbarr
and you’re
praying to
largest covid
please explain
salute to
beware of
@ marcorubio
in afghanistan
@ dianaatwine
@ ariberman
pretending to
may 1
clemson said
comment on
load of
1 3
support during
careful with
answers to
step in
don’t see
1 2
rip to
thousands of
history of
section of
some parts
the hook
effective at
no reason
after reopening
to contract
tips during
acting as
@ cmohry
awareness on
expected to
via nyt
those 6
a valid
@ gavinnewsom
tries to
cancellation of
explanation for
@ researchgate
i'll say
after 2
every week
spike after
fights to
@ fionamflanagan1
spoke to
top 5
faith in
period of
things going
@ simmonssteve
@ charliekirk11
@ davidcorndc
keep thinking
asked for
@ katrinapierson
details of
in alaska
@ cbseveningnews
presence of
@ cbcnews
round of
everyone knows
secrets of
maybe not
@ ron_nirenberg
no end
subject to
results from
@ tonyschwartz
physicians in
reading about
it's easy
1,800 new
because i'm
distributed to
rapidly in
few months
trying to
possibly go
@ michaelsteele
of delhi
then there's
many ppl
+ 6
@ cernovich
easier for
people saying
of hand
# publichealth
i’d like
different in
@ joyannreid
reference to
in 2017
at best
doing to
challenges for
outbreaks in
together after
@ drzwelimkhize
invest in
you’re still
developments in
to create
really don't
these kids
institute for
existence of
literally going
these 6
at 13
these idiots
@ anacabrera
conference on
gratitude for
much of
approved for
protection from
@ dearauntcrabby
in rajasthan
of covid
yall https
together to
search for
dedicated to
# bunkerdon
# trackandtrace
hispanics for
get to
at 8
risen to
@ dbongino
@ parisdennard
firms over
@ angrierwhstaff
@ lesarobertson20
symptoms or
chose to
infected by
collection of
lie to
evidence of
never heard
@ victoriancho
@ quizbay
@ cmotamilnadu
increasing in
17 new
consequences for
people attending
restrictions as
other hand
outcome of
a conspiracy
to ignore
waves of
breakdown of
just published
to curb
much time
and sister
investment in
first hand
@ bill_morneau
responsibility of
120,000 people
@ navdeepsbains
decrease in
age of
shopping for
go home
problem with
trial of
trained to
@ palmerreport
no matter
# indiafightscoronavirus
included in
drop in
# trumprallytulsa
@ judgeclayj
so predictable
not required
attack on
to let
in law
spain to
per week
pray for
@ johnpavlovitz
known for
to fit
too young
doing anything
any kind
@ johnrobertsfox
whole thing
# drfauci
still happening
factor in
of education
dying because
belief in
the international
a webinar
# climatechange
@ andrewkimmel
rise https
facing covid
photo of
@ nicolasturgeon
ask if
trump gets
other capital
detected in
possibility of
compromise on
this crap
tiger to
associated with
speak to
trillions of
summary of
# russia
23 players
409 cases
@ erictopol
@ martinslewis
insistence on
to present
you’re not
comfort in
let’s all
a lil
an uptick
more than
in nc
in advance
@ cbsnews
i'm pretty
regarding covid19
no service
so irresponsible
# voteoutthegop
characteristics of
20 june
aim to
@ instablog9ja
really important
transfer of
let’s not
the ideal
fight back
surge https
@ tonyposnanski
story about
10,000 people
@ mmpadellan
@ djjudd
taste of
it's called
credit for
some useful
applied to
5 days
refugees in
things about
look like
as trump
mean for
differences in
isn’t going
we’re going
not following
stick to
seeking to
take place
others at
opinion on
to detect
prefer to
the department
believed to
@ senatorlankford
@ detroitnews
@ sandeemusready
please click
mandate as
of bill
not true
impact on
# maga2020
ever seen
tips for
on tuesday
after spending
this makes
look bad
to feel
# germany
4 dead
an absolute
# stayalert
enough time
months since
thankful for
testing =
with everything
son of
medicare for
recorded as
getting on
battle https
terrified of
to recruit
well that’s
@ us_fda
open for
message for
paying for
die because
on 9
for profit
gonna need
every state
from friday
no 10
scheduled for
just begun
without symptoms
all across
stand with
top 20
planning on
already there
pictures of
permission to
quest to
effects on
@ asharangappa_
tips to
ceo of
too much
he's doing
estimate of
very much
@ laughordietwice
now than
webinar on
in 2015
# mentalhealth
moves to
can’t go
to undergo
best thing
milan and
thoughts on
excuse for
needed to
coming from
to zero
closed after
to fall
# auspol
overview of
already started
subscribe to
i'm gonna
second worst
# summersolstice2020
shift in
# indiachinafaceoff
requests for
difficult for
very soon
# losangeles
in kenya
so little
hands on
severity https
@ rtenews
and we're
5 things
an independent
# covid__19
15 year
far away
immunity to
billion in
# womenscaretrump
$ 2
@ henrymcmaster
to combat
@ wolfblitzer
@ channel4news
@ abc15
20 6
uptick in
over 3
a mile
@ ktulnews
@ dvillella
new fatalities
charges for
updated with
of taste
eye on
decision on
borrowed and
each day
better at
live here
19 20
there’s more
hours after
# saudiarabia
in ohio
# covidiotinchief
# vitamind
go after
# covid_19
hopes of
wasn't for
@ senatorcollins
@ wral
@ alivelshi
caring for
few days
labs in
# bigdata
over 60
did nothing
permits for
@ martinmaloney22
in bc
it’s always
reasons for
# summersolstice
a federal
choice of
of tulsa
six months
the lord
cost of
not until
role in
@ eugenedaniels2
stage of
concern for
speaking to
to convert
45 new
25 am
issues with
over 500
@ thepubliususa
but don’t
# torybritain
shooting in
evolution of
# digital
after 3
# coronavirususa
@ xhnews
# covid19us
@ eugenegu
article here
one knows
outbreak |
to fill
department of
some tips
old white
don’t like
some reason
# maskupcanada
# webinar
do something
for delhi
useful for
congrats to
article about
in wisconsin
@ sensanders
to 763
billion people
new u.s
path to
made to
for life
asymptomatic people
@ jwgop
light on
views of
talked to
promise in
rose to
rates of
please stay
putting on
@ geoffrbennett
edition of
@ borisjohnson
urged to
# femaleyouth
after hearing
a bar
14 new
treatments for
@ thelancet
12 +
joke about
to thank
in japan
@ sambitswaraj
@ icecube
@ cmomaharashtra
# bunkerbitch
limited to
familiar with
crowd at
planet https
already 6
designed to
these guys
die from
increases in
# tulsadeathrally
congratulations on
there too
implications of
vulnerable to
doubled in
the wh
month after
appeal to
sick because
forgot to
i’m very
source of
6 17
few hours
# np
# covidupdates
uses to
every day
@ sylvesterturner
@ errolwebber
for everybody
if i’m
recorded in
i cant
colleagues in
reason for
surges in
an incompetent
of texas
# nomasks
wife of
alive and
any symptoms
a brain
with most
explain to
the front
recovered from
member of
bother to
a floridian
@ incindia
@ hunterjcullen
@ allinwithchris
featured in
hear about
@ tb_times
mostly with
directly to
in 7
most recent
@ politidope
@ mrjamesob
@ brandonstraka
@ houstonchron
8 days
doing everything
ever before
covid19india #
@ wionews
@ sadiqkhan
cash in
@ lbrtynow
11 million
@ cpho_canada
investors think
left to
in wuhan
call to
# wtf
from @
options for
dish of
@ statnews
# releasetherussiareport
the governor
# springst
given to
# trumpisanationaldisgrace
# juneteenthday
prediction of
lies from
know you're
lesson to
to prevent
1 polling
@ the_hindu
@ gryphonwatcher
disapproval of
question about
go outside
burden of
love to
2 billion
after violating
help protect
dead people
@ satyendarjain
experience of
switch to
read about
either way
@ financialtimes
oh wow
these 3
event since
# smartnews
don’t get
let's do
with china
20 20
i’m going
in germany
# chinesevirus
fighting covid
miles to
citizens of
good thread
dying of
off to
@ mlb_players
@ mybmc
@ sentedcruz
rid of
rises by
41 new
the navajo
dead in
by 40
@ arvindkejriwal
@ usatoday
population of
afford to
strains of
643 new
threatening to
cluster of
18 20
rushing to
treatment https
home during
@ joerogan
@ bnightengale
a doctor
lived in
while you’re
trip to
non mask
@ marthakarua
@ donlemon
@ miamimayor
@ worldbank
@ repadamschiff
billions of
view of
stranded in
@ bjp4india
a comeback
@ ingrahamangle
☣ #
hiding in
start with
coverage of
die of
@ nbcnews
about 30
works with
lifting of
per safety
died at
just curious
the bleak
kept in
@ andrewyang
a handful
in odisha
an awful
no one
@ richardgrenell
let's see
inequalities in
@ davidbegnaud
@ lilgoldperson
40 year
to remember
@ imrankhanpti
# coronavirusindia
please share
those attending
on saturday
feet of
from delhi
gone to
short of
wellbeing of
never got
20 people
the internet
scheduled to
coverage on
@ randpaul
# staysafe
working at
pleaded for
# covidfriday
with 3,137
don't want
outbreak at
to prepare
willing to
# hydroxychloroquine
chances of
23 football
recommendations for
11 year
to monitor
1 million
promotion of
getting better
go on
@ dougducey
secretary of
# congress
medicine for
five day
held in
enough for
of july
never thought
make sure
really really
resurgence of
@ bettemidler
@ cbseindia29
# bunkerboy
over here
travel during
on earth
thread about
but i'm
caution as
apparently not
virus doesn't
by touching
tweet by
gets to
@ baligubadle1
arena as
@ newyorker
think he’s
inslee to
increase by
| nbc
my friend
train at
@ indiatoday
# satyendarjain
apply to
came in
data from
promised to
planned to
ahead of
all ages
about trump's
average of
agree to
almost died
# winning
god says
@ marshablackburn
@ maddowblog
@ nbstv
# breakingnews
a former
@ quicktake
told to
nearly as
# madhyapradesh
prepare to
work to
42 of
seems like
# sfgiants
other things
no mistake
15 june
i’m not
projected to
leader of
condolences to
result in
picture of
failing to
advice for
transmission of
very bad
millions of
6 19
@ drdavidsamadi
after months
pause on
a useful
don't seem
the bottom
to 2027
& amp
shoulder to
@ carolecadwalla
blood on
information on
acts of
sense of
gather for
children in
learn from
# newyork
increased to
@ jackposobiec
@ alexismadrigal
really don’t
someone say
# wakeupamerica
demotion of
a republican
relief from
not surprising
temperatures of
# nba
an additional
necessary for
you're saying
sorry to
first line
@ dailymirror
they're testing
# andhrapradesh
a flight
donating to
very small
die than
reports 2
# coronapalooza
got infected
extent of
answer to
a presidential
in charge
closed for
two days
1 4
@ aprildryan
click on
front of
review of
really surprised
spikes in
part 1
on iphones
in 2020
much about
but you're
doing with
respect for
war with
graphs of
on purpose
role of
@ drtedros
of concern
percent of
doing great
or anyone
allow for
info https
effective in
28 new
# gopcowards
than 30,000
very sorry
regard for
the workplace
@ scottgottliebmd
@ govandybeshear
heard of
standards in
# racist
open after
held on
happened in
really made
@ kris_sacrebleu
to 4856
took on
look at
the price
no more
# 2020election
# socialdistance
hospitalized with
lying to
12 days
important than
a decision
$ 1
to restart
respect to
can't tell
# travel
most affected
@ malcolmnance
# kahahaibiharsarkar
in kentucky
congratulations to
benefits for
@ housedemocrats
full time
only 3
# biden2020
negative as
surging in
fund for
bc of
@ marshall_steven
@ ac360
@ realtrumpforce
@ rsbnetwork
@ greggutfeld
@ nbcnightlynews
@ rvat2020
only pay
day weekend
apply for
continuing to
box of
starts to
some point
institute of
tip of
can't stop
in iowa
twice as
right to
@ abbydphillip
part time
like most
speak with
covid19 epidemic
in alabama
two things
reporting on
can’t do
shortage of
# glenmarkpharmaceuticals
a success
these days
jump in
effective way
hit by
@ msisodia
@ dominicraab
# retail
staying at
knowledge of
variety of
plan to
link to
# desantisbetrayedflorida
@ calnbc
@ aclu
in italy
allowed to
a voice
it’s time
voices of
band of
requirements to
17 states
literally just
very different
done nothing
help people
way before
a gift
# floridacoronavirus
to relax
a cheap
it’s too
in indiana
takes on
babies in
insult to
# indiafightscorona
suspected of
leading to
efforts to
it’s like
they're not
6 months
begun to
flourish as
dies with
please visit
# supremecourt
help create
# thelastofuspartii
179 new
article on
patients with
opposed to
alarm on
that’s not
travel from
lessons for
@ senkamalaharris
@ keemstar
10 people
says expert
an ass
grateful to
value of
@ tedcruz
works in
@ retiredmaybe
the utah
months after
in town
count of
@ usdot
@ rossdellenger
stupid people
destruction of
  deaths
experience with
to ensure
while we're
happen if
abuse of
treatment for
all together
no cure
many businesses
released from
on trumps
add to
218 new
in 2016
postponed as
reports 12
just watched
despite travel
# contentmarketing
better than
never gonna
instructed to
and protest
| reuters
really interesting
the brain
@ ncdcgov
an urgent
# झूठी_सरकार
@ mikesimonsphoto
@ cillizzacnn
@ authackeray
@ annastaciamp
so desperate
30,000 new
loss of
# latestcomments
a copy
encouraged to
possible for
do nothing
@ funder
gains to
thinking of
looking at
to breathe
it's amazing
racist people
so grateful
p *
claimed to
@ emmanuelmacron
the republicans
5 months
i’m really
all pupils
# wuhanvirus
now stands
10 weeks
this week
5 people
@ moh_kenya
sounds about
easy for
and y’all
30 days
# fridaynightmassacre
@ justintrudeau
days after
in reversal
@ booker4ky
+ +
14516 new
please do
immune from
# stayhomestaysafe
open to
b *
@ mygovindia
the central
see through
in most
necessary to
to affect
about 10
next wave
not acceptable
countries like
reduction of
to drink
you're in
odds of
couple of
stores in
11 days
future of
only 6
@ chriscuomo
approach to
work together
even worse
@ the_resistor
hopes to
so scary
take on
@ globaltimesnews
comparison of
died because
in russia
republic of
opportunities for
choose to
headquarters in
against trump
second highest
aftermath of
thats not
@ theeconomist
over 100
call on
distance from
lowered from
didn't care
learn to
wrong about
there's not
everyone gets
goodbye to
advantage of
to welcome
so incredibly
very real
even started
# politics
# nyc
from across
to require
headed to
@ perilofafrica
claim to
didn't say
victims of
mask people
an eye
about 50
# trumpout2020
desperate to
it's okay
restrictions after
to 72
jumps to
try again
pack of
agreed to
businesses in
a prayer
so glad
trump knows
last 2
form of
flurry of
for 100
keep seeing
so angry
@ pattonoswalt
@ govricketts
aka #
so called
used in
sure as
regions of
# nlg
to rethink
@ fox5dc
@ ddale8
available on
didn't make
name for
it's funny
good friend
an actual
10 countries
# healthcare
keep doing
to buy
i haven't
reminder to
update 1
# djsbu
@ matthancock
new discharge
close to
no country
isn't real
won't wear
subjects of
play in
canada does
trump wants
governor says
some simple
in phoenix
midst of
30 am
so sad
middle of
in nyc
followers to
recorded last
in uganda
arrested after
# masks4all
turn to
getting more
the world
3 days
thanks to
attention to
beginning of
the scenes
areas of
clusters of
instead of
spike on
just supported
# georgia
etsy #
may 4
any guests
in africa
wordpress #
mother of
on cue
it’s almost
lead to
first weekend
# besafe
shri @
# newzealand
fear of
@ arsenal
use of
keep rising
ill with
ready to
drops to
aid to
via apps
can't do
to download
dead from
in michigan
than expected
@ governortomwolf
@ devisridhar
4 americans
type of
46 new
# coronavirusupdates
@ govkemp
shop at
stuck at
donate to
with dr
out there
it's actually
the wall
for 70
to deal
37 new
said friday
second to
# lockdownextension
to lie
went on
please join
effect of
i wish
a novel
to appear
1 billion
anywhere in
of 2021
possible to
@ joebiden
# tech
happened to
good one
reported by
right now
contact with
and peace
a third
@ realdailywire
in egypt
the basement
required in
unlikely to
only takes
prepares for
the arts
says 6
@ dhsgov
peak |
getting infected
don't ask
same thing
solution to
and i’m
just got
record day
whole country
so much
guess it's
# canada
very likely
looks to
with highest
a strange
far right
@ cnni
there aren't
trend in
in colombia
not quite
# meetthepress
# cnnsotu
failed to
3 years
@ inevitable_et
an issue
don't play
over 20
think they’re
at 11
# dominiccummings
guidance for
found on
# impeachbarr
epicenter of
to solve
almost all
going outside
four states
it's own
to call
hotspot for
curb coronavirus
first place
@ yahoonews
all around
@ hkrassenstein
let's take
in march
any idea
preparing to
revival in
you’re going
itsjefftiedrich @
two countries
a terrorist
assessment of
over 11
to maintain
exposure to
forced to
the west
@ alyssa_milano
agree on
a restaurant
well worth
likelihood of
go fuck
but we're
sink in
donations for
# gretathunberg
# covid19update
two people
worth of
over 19,000
talks with
to revive
does anyone
request to
the government
2,035 https
visit to
didn't work
2 2
aside from
do realize
people gathering
line for
jammu and
if they're
few cases
fight covid
@ kgeorgieva
events in
into tulsa
# covid2019
@ kylegriffin1
9 deaths
found in
nice to
essential to
@ projectlincoln
really worth
continued to
a second
to grow
half of
@ economictimes
30 players
feeling about
known to
letter to
solution for
everyone from
little too
recipe for
and college
likely not
run for
of war
patient with
4 times
especially with
takes to
# trumpisnotwell
@ jamestodaromd
tomorrow at
arrived in
4 days
majority of
you're doing
of mine
with 25
return to
over 2
a christian
these folks
1,000 people
# premierleague
# covidpalooza
take anything
doing at
the weather
no idea
first on
i’m so
parties in
becomes second
in brazil
# g20
i couldn’t
@ govwhitmer
standard https
returned to
story on
you're right
dangerous than
first two
difficult to
the amount
or face
gravity of
without masks
helpful to
# covid19nigeria
this wasn’t
wonder if
it’s very
to withdraw
don't wait
bump in
signs of
to drive
very hard
now 19,147
5000 cases
to agree
sorry but
doing about
# smackdown
# mek
just spoke
away from
a decade
probably just
matter if
@ thejusticedept
@ cmofkarnataka
benefit of
@ mitchellvii
asking if
many times
@ katiephang
# coronaupdates
# fathersday
as always
say about
hoping to
of acei
bit of
a miracle
an ignorant
cause of
per day
@ officeofut
# sexdonerightin5words
of science
@ urbanachievr
know several
higher in
an opportunity
wait to
position to
diagnosis of
helping to
critics of
miles of
@ premierleague
situation as
i haven’t
this mess
comes with
key to
$ 8
please consider
because he’s
meet with
not fit
late to
a rapid
the role
strategy for
@ british_airways
for joe
run out
keeps on
so quickly
even better
new cluster
piece of
at risk
# covid19uk
tell if
this year's
article by
an epidemic
@ skynews
stretch of
care if
group of
available as
to resume
# saturdaythoughts
comes at
on 60
to set
guidelines on
at trump's
# nigeria
used for
more deadly
# wuhan
own country
please give
those folks
bid to
good decision
crisis |
prayers for
moved to
# wearyourmask
# magats
made sure
works at
petition to
# cult45
decision of
get into
@ drdenagrayson
full week
so few
any time
proud to
scared of
no proof
it's always
patient in
doesn't look
trending on
legacy of
a certain
1 additional
2 months
for blm
# utah
users get
as ever
handling of
new patients
another person
# amazon
another 4,000
living in
# icymi
worst covid
in massachusetts
father in
in april
robots to
wait for
@ pritipatel
second phase
# newsupdate
@ washingtonpost
# education
head of
cc @
a detailed
breathing in
flying in
good question
really hate
the government's
many students
good advice
failure to
enough people
the county's
in south
reports first
# essendon
happening in
an effort
arena with
14 june
many ways
@ realdonaldtrump’s
officers at
it’s getting
8 am
@ senatedems
every country
doesn't believe
a joint
memes #
conditions for
pay for
if you’re
# goodmorning
the truth
34 new
57 new
message to
@ whitehouse
an example
list of
@ donwinslow
followed by
19 jun
new coronavirus
this year
died due
@ joetalkshow
100 people
too high
exposed to
@ bmz_bund
much less
didn’t do
a hot
community cases
8527991729 https
new data
mention of
can't make
chance to
a teacher
# nfl
done to
hard time
went into
rest of
to 145,000
back after
believes in
in st
# coronaupdatesinindia
gone into
an extra
among doctors
5 day
really wish
fruits and
rate at
some serious
part of
the east
@ amjoyshow
@ azdhs
@ airindiain
missteps https
gig on
two new
# dexamethasone
or someone
someone needs
this song
present in
safe everyone
50 states
2 years
please follow
a recession
levels of
many things
for baseball
@ piersmorgan
good reason
@ zeynep
to fire
to expect
thread on
# rwanda
@ piyushgoyal
hard as
going away
@ capt_amarinder
# australia
hundreds more
no choice
restrictions on
by state
preview of
@ bbcworld
# modisurrendersgalwanvalley
# icantbreathe
keep on
especially during
opportunity for
a coward
people died
head to
week after
and demand
worldwide use
please help
want federal
still spreading
in tulsa
@ mumbaipolice
updates on
nation with
this moment
safe from
an acute
# northamerica
the dnc
after finding
friday after
# trumpresignnow
oh well
# fucktrump
outside of
a dedicated
the five
all clear
to mind
update from
funds from
@ foxandfriends
# joebiden
too hard
taken to
# eu
and unemployment
other than
@ sida
end up
the captain
more with
captain of
in vietnam
1000 people
adding to
came into
# automobile
began to
sides of
for friday
please cancel
look into
@ himantabiswa
@ yamiche
@ natgeo
to lower
alarmed at
a result
required to
services at
happening at
covid19 tally
no excuse
# puducherry
ban https
to educate
50 million
@ bbcnews
a glass
# benghazi
in vic
number of
many different
of allah
# austin
very long
# marketing
like to
we're all
said something
end of
# innovation
4 hours
@ moayush
it's pretty
make things
f *
episode of
a peaceful
hi there
help save
very sick
professor of
# brexit
hydroxychloroquine after
it's fine
still thinks
the curve
plans for
over 4,000
3 hours
@ vanityfair
similar to
shown to
during lockdown
traces in
if you've
@ johnlegend
# election2020
waste of
@ senatemajldr
regardless of
# trumpisunwell
feel so
out of
to teach
go wrong
hate to
an evil
decline in
dating in
planning to
no wonder
two week
a failure
@ jairbolsonaro
reporting from
announced by
don't blame
beginning to
14 day
platform for
do everything
much as
soar as
32 new
package for
turn on
than 1
about protecting
# carehomes
think they're
meant for
four day
this guy
easy to
to face
someone please
still open
quarter of
persons with
@ billgates
can someone
to miss
anyone tell
100 million
particularly in
into nursing
by county
started to
@ therightmelissa
# smallbusiness
more evidence
not exactly
40 of
in prison
gonna do
million people
equivalent of
over 10,000
react to
good old
this statement
day case
more on
asked to
during covid
some sense
just keeps
rate of
an easy
chance of
many folks
very own
there isn't
again because
# punjab
just wondering
* *
development of
vote for
against trump’s
talking to
seems very
# coronawarriors
74 new
to pack
so lucky
everyone around
per reports
the overall
to 29,633
661 new
a scientist
figures as
# floridacovidepicenter
a hundred
@ lookner
these young
# trump2020
@ ava
and prevention
level of
treatment of
37 more
# medtwitter
@ ungeneva
doing better
2021 https
the assumption
to ask
# japan
no way
seconds to
# blacklivesmattters
# stopthespread
as opposed
that's one
available in
waiver so
come close
one person
and hand
doing so
of best
apart of
this bullshit
starting to
a joke
an amazing
a survey
100 +
at 35
last 10
not gotten
on trump's
embassy in
7 day
4000 new
now available
# vancouver
the spanish
# texas
# galwanvalleyfaceoff
same as
a challenge
size of
concept of
# covid19pandemic
to cure
a pic
gathering for
and corruption
a criminal
i've got
i've just
# climatecrisis
in nsw
putting people
a damn
school says
opportunity to
# modi
many protesters
an awesome
didn't want
begin to
and treatment
# georgefloyd
carrier https
sorts of
lost to
# gujarat
important as
other country
look back
some americans
artist #
@ peterstefanovi2
# europe
festival of
@ abpnews
they’re just
stay at
shelter to
never said
@ ambassadorrice
@ drsjaishankar
because they're
those idiots
spreading like
to evaluate
protesting in
zero coronavirus
# memes
reason to
| msnbc
@ googlenews
an idea
happy to
@ govabbott
@ thedemcoalition
to access
by example
many lies
rally in
# excludeduk
more vulnerable
a tsunami
@ globalnews
shutdown https
to think
pleading for
# tory
# tourism
@ charliedaniels
top 1
20 2020
tally over
on july
platform to
soul with
# singapore
coronavirus protection
it's happening
stand for
16 new
no words
it's sad
# donaldtrump
@ youtube
a few
becomes first
far too
strategy to
of 14516
related to
# ccp
to pray
own staff
worked in
under quarantine
via @
# stayathome
come back
in denial
please keep
# cuba
action to
at l.a
please find
+ americans
# oklacovid
told by
added to
we're here
much better
no need
doing something
@ guardiannews
to throw
95 of
apart from
this wouldn't
# thailand
| common
on fire
appears to
@ raghav_chadha
@ carolelee
schools in
an official
# agbarr
kills people
@ kwelkernbc
@ 9newsaus
reported from
forces to
room with
pray to
addition to
travel to
because they’re
a liar
done so
needs to
more resources
one thing
about benghazi
working on
to protect
a pair
less people
zero deaths
@ peta
# yemen
# uae
@ presssec
especially in
@ secpompeo
an average
5 million
threat to
the low
# africa
the gov
# israel
@ kellyo
doing more
happening to
good example
rates in
app to
they're going
# withrefugees
probably more
don't live
a democrat
of most
an effective
very high
one day
even during
own people
@ tpm
but don't
ask for
@ mattgaetz
on vacation
# colorado
this stuff
the effect
@ thedemocrats
bet on
the ground
# cummings
on brand
@ itvnews
@ drsanjaygupta
to view
same with
u don’t
die with
recommendations to
@ senschumer
for decades
people across
b +
@ mayorgallego
still suffering
say anything
so pathetic
down again
ill from
away with
so ignorant
more proof
better way
a cold
wish to
couldn't get
another big
the mass
without quarantine
@ ukchange
even try
keep saying
this message
outside to
a tough
to enhance
to respond
| article
said saturday
most countries
# taiwan
for treatment
# egypt
over 120,000
all major
the prospect
nexus of
in brooklyn
@ inquirerdotnet
claims to
symptoms of
5 players
members of
right here
next phase
track of
@ gofundme
375 new
in sa
never before
an iphone
# covid19
if they’re
# toronto
especially since
this bs
at rs
because we’re
trackers on
crazy to
khalifa of
# moronavirus
@ metrouk
never seen
# healthoverexams
starting with
heart of
looking for
@ filippograndi
# scotland
these poor
perfect for
well being
reopening of
third in
think you’re
die due
lga and
very big
get infected
to mitigate
fall as
a vent
put into
immunity than
@ espn
# dallas
# srinagar
in texas
news |
points of
@ drrpnishank
interest of
rest in
fighting with
# blackparade
seen since
70 of
on netflix
doesn't want
so mad
a pathetic
very well
these rallies
so many
go right
vulnerable people
know nothing
dont think
last 3
# china's
a room
didn't know
follow up
because you're
one side
doesn't know
lessons of
a tidal
wants to
just ignore
didn't get
if you’ve
9 new
five people
@ mib_india
don’t look
2020 election
# verzuz
the virus
packed in
something about
every year
deaths from
lot more
in tennessee
excuse to
to talk
as well
the title
im not
remember to
going to
10 million
seriousness of
a successful
in vegas
trackers to
@ alexberenson
sent to
all grow
as covid
in chennai
@ gavinwilliamson
says about
say thank
# trumpsupporters
@ elonmusk
the resolution
of england
highest new
@ aamaadmiparty
@ scotgov
# verzuztv
the plague
unlikely as
results in
@ statehousekenya
anyone making
doesn't need
3 times
not fair
# france
trump doesn't
only cares
a brief
cases of
especially if
@ thehill
@ ctvnews
one protester
to survive
last one
667 new
don't take
facilities for
coronaviruses as
@ okguard
against china
not wanting
@ yakima_herald
# ufc
@ govuk
an early
# frontliners
still around
than 5
# voteblue
via fox
door to
that's right
after refusing
this afternoon
# karnataka
next time
lessons on
get away
a generation
@ trumpwarroom
# mumbai
# fridayvibes
series of
comes back
busy in
got to
get through
researchers at
and safety
any other
looking into
ones with
seem to
@ ft
| fox
eight new
# trumpvirus
just announced
very little
it's already
old enough
lower as
also shut
a powerful
just took
new studies
@ georgetakei
back down
to send
# coronavirusupdate
commit to
@ realdonaldtrump's
a statue
he's still
# postponeneet
to hit
lakh https
alarm https
even if
@ bbcr4today
start to
next few
didn't even
@ sabcnews
@ kamalaharris
attendees at
border with
and they'll
least two
# votetrumpout
enough about
friend of
those empty
a fan
an important
every death
looking back
interesting to
look inside
a dick
an app
@ 12news
tragedy of
coming to
ways to
@ ktrtrs
@ cdcemergency
don't give
livestream #
if u
fault for
an online
crore to
@ davidjharrisjr
found to
blame for
less if
drharshvardhan @
same way
# coronavirussa
people from
an entire
# art
# nevada
hospital after
# tamilnadu
# secondwave
on smartphones
impact of
most dangerous
know exactly
help from
sure to
and looting
not enough
take back
# pennsylvania
better in
right about
more testing
another thing
imposed in
please let
@ spiroagnewghost
with zero
good point
no benefit
# dbanjsuspended
all y’all
to answer
until everyone
then maybe
across florida
us economy
clusters in
to establish
safe as
count on
to describe
6 hours
than anything
hard to
# colombia
until next
@ jimsciutto
# postponeneet_jee
not buying
in india
can't say
an antibody
@ saracarterdc
know there’s
to stop
people dieing
and self
there's still
@ tulsapolice
factor for
dismissal of
spike in
zone https
# hawaii
camp in
at cruisin
some racial
a bitch
covid19 count
danger of
light of
cured of
spread of
care for
i'll just
first rally
by attending
on tulsa
behalf of
design for
since early
# biotech
@ maricopacounty
to scale
plasma from
to train
isn’t just
data on
room for
no touch
oh look
# flattenthecurve
want to
than yesterday
happen to
an italian
bad for
lot of
records first
don't make
well then
# chile
@ cdcgov
say something
on instagram
to return
most part
says 11
one way
# ghana
2020 season
he's going
the answer
the flu
so true
# maskup
put on
# saturdayvibes
good thing
only someone
10 states
facilities after
shit about
to sleep
everyone needs
a petition
many people
@ acosta
@ 6abc
cent of
know what's
dead by
# chaz
now require
record with
this chart
@ foxnews
announced on
abundance of
say if
90 of
to strengthen
as part
a bubble
this morning
in fl
to flatten
by november
potential to
# socialmedia
a myth
to go
and migration
turnout for
go through
get back
whole time
still waiting
# meme
in ny
to reopen
# digitaltransformation
even without
to gather
to exercise
# missouri
and rioting
way more
even before
@ goldengateblond
too close
# kenya
important to
sick of
lot like
just passed
# poetry
@ donaldjtrumpjr
in beijing
# ukraine
about something
probably because
to force
and stupidity
it’s because
so fucked
words from
# mlk
@ scmpnews
# fabiflu
from yesterday
too stupid
any way
and co
know anyone
pressures on
and praise
highs for
the argument
people tested
to claim
nothing like
shame if
whole of
just went
@ profootballtalk
in north
to expose
the same
one week
hands with
a crime
groups of
no shame
@ mailonline
# london
symptom of
@ walshfreedom
@ breitbartnews
@ revdrbarber
strength and
wave of
the nba’s
first team
went to
# hcq
@ tmz
it's possible
fallout of
to demand
@ kamvtv
7 year
the contrary
to 1.79
know whether
come into
don't find
over nfl
in ontario
# feedly
@ kimguilfoyle
a tory
an interesting
to 338
sees more
not far
so sorry
if anything
an answer
so damn
briefing after
happens to
even more
come under
4 million
# maharashtra
ever since
from allah
@ meaindia
@ 21wire
to become
last few
does nothing
immune to
more important
@ sardesairajdeep
on jun
an anti
@ team_mitch
the middle
@ samant_uday
does not
alive in
won't get
# entrepreneur
best way
may 1st
a peep
own home
saying about
other people
to scare
from various
really sick
# wordpress
# sweden
# haryana
the toilet
piece from
live in
60 of
# stayhomesavelives
waiting to
first thing
expert on
to replace
@ yahoosports
to use
still pretty
with covid
to enjoy
financing of
# daca
better off
meaning of
way through
@ maggienyt
to carry
after three
many years
you're not
we're still
questions on
# turkey
jail for
to accept
please support
for scaring
# kerala
@ bostonglobe
visitors from
for detecting
only half
survey on
in ky
not discriminate
many actually
increase in
doing well
# vietnam
to contain
need to
to seek
happens if
a photo
a dumbass
cases in
# ncaa
very good
plans to
to publish
suffering with
on fox
of interest
# yulin
seen as
to enable
to wait
# whatsappdown
@ billmaher
first player
to pick
# zimbabwe
point to
@ nytimes
finished with
it's time
a shitty
# dubai
in response
until june
a movie
1 day
not requiring
an international
masks work
none of
@ steveschmidtses
let into
in general
flag of
# covidhoax
doesn't work
favour of
a clown
# coronavirus
the gym
# humanrights
# mufc
tablet https
the hell
placed on
# startup
a repeat
# votebluetoendthisnightmare
# covid19india
@ speakerpelosi
# coronavirusoutbreak
to help
to do
and poverty
more accurate
to forget
these past
# uganda
share with
compensate for
and ppl
move to
against coronavirus
@ fordnation
very very
if you're
in nz
on board
# bangladesh
maybe it’s
in britain
that guy
for covid
to decline
first afl
to recover
# jacksonville
this video
another way
to gain
to climb
of worship
@ nejm
the philippines
but none
the grand
# cricket
@ nhsengland
@ nhsuk
@ abc13houston
in houston
@ mfa_china
update on
# journalismisdead
to walk
# whatsapp
# fakenews
isn't even
rally comes
1 week
the 2011
the presidency
come down
every time
some good
it's not
# fintech
@ brianschatz
@ sbsnews
at trumps
@ pgatour
ok with
@ usnavy
in cebu
still talking
not sure
riot in
@ hhsgov
a ban
@ spokespersonchn
@ cmo_england
any more
please don’t
a victory
can't even
# covid19tx
to complete
not ready
opposite of
a priority
to 79
to recall
as much
not exist
so weird
fuck about
certainly not
@ dg_nta
# manipur
to cap
2 days
to move
highs in
more about
relation to
| india
to declare
@ cineplexmovies
@ jamescleverly
that stadium
every other
much like
to enter
business during
# malaysia
doesn't take
this madness
plan for
on oxygen
to collect
@ indiatvnews
for twenty
in b.c
@ gtbynum
u think
no uptick
early on
several people
# clothing
still here
the bok
@ o_rips
@ texastribune
a solution
to delay
just yesterday
and burning
serious about
to work
to sit
a dramatic
a customer
@ gopleader
for coronavirus
fall on
# qarmy
to escape
# peru
an american
seem like
expect to
after contracting
now launches
# foxnews
season after
a journalist
an election
option to
| |
3 states
a letter
# facemasks
the majority
@ dhscgovuk
@ bethrigby
@ tcpalm
@ brianstelter
only one
the poor
a disaster
orlando https
just fine
now apply
u don't
0 deaths
2 week
diagnosed in
personnel in
to examine
@ no_silenced
in bangladesh
people inside
# juneteenth2020
to vote
an order
exam in
did not
# make2020betterin4words
probably not
this article
worse for
a temperature
# cdnpoli
the kool
a break
# desantis
# nrl
a lovely
still sick
as hell
# mizoram
please remember
positive for
become more
# keto
in canada
30,000 for
almost three
# iot
a haircut
to shut
for safety
@ sportscenter
by unknown
@ moca_goi
gopchairwoman @
shops in
do anything
just cancel
fund to
# nepal
to register
suspended for
about anything
never really
@ wsj
flow of
a parent
this thread
no social
taken by
ppl at
the chancellor
# happyjuneteenth
@ catturd2
a senior
# islamabad
a problem
toll at
regards to
some interesting
# entertainment
done with
@ thejournal_ie
benefit for
a big
@ pdchina
by mail
a particular
sure it's
# bahrain
to explore
153 new
really good
@ abcnews
look after
doesn't make
to purchase
disgrace to
new confirmed
# maryland
# iraq
@ martinsavidge
another great
@ timesofisrael
@ politicususa
many others
to drop
4 states
quick to
01 https
# latestnews
# favipiravir
doesn't even
to slash
going through
in az
not wearing
people aren't
# covidiots
an indoor
used as
# bihar
the buck
the difference
on average
don't think
many lives
@ johncornyn
and control
worn in
well that's
the moon
think it’s
and suffering
somewhere in
to isolate
@ azcentral
@ ugc_india
well soon
this dude
in today's
released on
report on
the supreme
to wash
and marketing
@ phillyinquirer
of hydroxychloroquine
don't believe
of michigan
then again
move by
seven new
@ gregabbott_tx
like they're
came to
only way
to pull
a requirement
a week
so stupid
sure about
a member
means to
# indonesia
@ wef
safe to
to commit
@ rishisunak
a shot
this weekend
in bolivia
in wastewater
# morocco
to plan
the icu
centers for
safe during
get better
order to
comes to
a tiny
@ flotus
# hoodies
with 3,822
most republicans
get together
almost like
the con
nothing to
to explain
mask while
to boost
dead as
the president’s
@ tuckercarlson
there goes
to witness
available from
do better
they’re going
# lebanon
@ markdice
a chance
| zero
this link
and retweet
this point
a multi
@ bopinion
only hope
compare with
good for
this cartoon
cases among
in arunachal
available at
anything from
with blockchain
the slaughter
@ antonioguterres
# coronafest
a hypocrite
died of
to date
reminder of
1 person
race to
on 6
warning https
areas in
the city
sure hope
from outside
# cre
found out
this shit
# vegan
# marijuana
this clown
made by
to acknowledge
@ democracynow
set to
different from
a lesson
94 of
@ icmrdelhi
@ anylaurie16
zero cases
f @
cities in
28 positive
to save
to support
here until
# seattle
it's almost
# 7news
to continue
don't know
in orlando
any part
new covid
to shield
@ sflecce
@ nowthisnews
stupidity of
especially after
in july
everything about
# mexico
to turn
can't get
new guidelines
@ ktla
# ifcovidneverhappened
@ filmfare
@ hardeepspuri
selection at
six campaign
# gop
@ amctheatres
just saw
and none
and minority
@ joncoopertweets
much more
in attendance
working from
interest in
come home
a disgrace
a paper
great time
tale of
in mind
too many
a loser
# qanon
# sticker
# bokcenter
to account
to act
on whether
8 new
in peace
# facecoverings
rise in
a tragedy
risks of
on fb
and water
to justify
good read
cause more
really thought
# aviation
try to
in milan
reality of
context of
for unemployment
# repost
# syria
# maskupaz
really hope
believe in
a riot
find more
to fight
@ demetriachavon
by mid
placed in
@ leezeldin
the herd
doesn't get
to comply
not even
below for
to cry
@ cnbc
# ccpvirus
the timing
center of
equipment to
in madhya
better place
a refund
guidelines to
don't wear
many countries
happening on
updated on
# coronaupdate
masks while
the debate
take long
another day
# geopolitics
maybe because
to succeed
to allow
and growth
@ linkedin
to restore
# asia
on 21
gone from
covid 1
result of
move on
prepares to
not alone
# bhubaneswar
in europe
replies to
back into
killed about
don't like
known as
or anything
risk of
a crap
as possible
on april
in gauteng
discovered in
27 new
# chennai
to die
@ umairh
just wanna
people recover
# plandemic
a picture
this includes
other way
to fund
analysis on
epicenter https
this headline
@ aubrey_huff
and support
to mandate
* k
# cnbc
in florida
fall in
# nhl
only three
a message
to believe
available to
@ dailycaller
status of
living on
cancelled as
to know
people asking
# fitness
back up
a sudden
from inside
@ yahoo
gear https
settings on
the word
facts from
let's get
action for
@ bbcbreaking
it's gonna
@ ap
a shock
to achieve
begins to
@ irishtimes
hand if
facility in
6 days
@ nitishkumar
# oman
@ gtconway3d
this space
# cbse
this moron
or something
a quote
# bcci
* t
to regulate
vaccination for
to grasp
a ventilator
@ nsui
8 people
top members
@ indianexpress
please make
charged for
in oklahoma
goes on
# lincoln
from retirement
the audience
to produce
a strong
deaths in
19 means
to put
to highlight
together with
do much
to tackle
killed more
to show
to assume
@ timesofindia
a plane
used to
# covidiot
hard by
just like
no baseball
@ 10tampabay
thanks for
# hongkong
# chinaliedpeopledied
nothing about
one hand
the roof
# hr
# odisha
a lie
any help
an essendon
to reflect
@ dineshdsouza
to investigate
appear on
take care
a shadow
into hospital
can't help
to step
more effective
# ethiopia
the pacific
in england
# juneteenth
still under
in singapore
# poland
sections of
there’s not
to withhold
tweet to
getting hit
so quick
wedding in
on cooler
no sense
to give
came from
a maximum
introduced to
the magats
as pm
but y’all
@ rawstory
to stroke
to implement
have fun
2 hours
only people
find out
nowhere to
on brink
a statement
the importance
please don't
illegal to
of silence
a ton
# qanons
a friend
to distribute
# assam
girls in
# tiktok
the fact
still very
a distraction
an update
@ businessinsider
to uphold
in bihar
@ narendramodi
@ mlkhattar
one question
reported in
in jammu
a possibility
thousands more
another spike
seemed to
please tell
every team
few people
the moment
# lifestyle
coverings in
to end
in west
this isn't
to beat
@ cgtnofficial
# greece
to raise
to manage
6 trump
on campus
in particular
seems to
potential for
to suffer
after lockdown
the anchor
hedge https
# bitcoin
@ potus
reported over
to realize
# covid19aus
an event
not surprised
mocked for
to hear
to consider
a killer
go under
# pune
# deals
hospitalized in
a coincidence
to adopt
so hard
of immunity
after five
in january
tried to
agency https
in kashmir
video by
# joerogan
this fool
hunt for
# worldnews
in thailand
to make
kits for
now they’re
new strain
and territories
this graph
@ drericding
the future
the state's
@ mitchellreports
nations with
@ andrewcuomo
to disclose
died after
in pakistan
| business
@ mercedesschlapp
# epl
# nagaland
# rohingya
starting in
this lady
@ commondreams
a reasonable
a bang
and gloves
the beginning
to 14,314
this website
don't feel
like nothing
the field
function at
# hyderabad
help during
attention on
something like
changes to
maybe if
doesn't wear
memory of
# realestate
if someone
of medicine
two top
@ diamondandsilk
the americas
the opposition
# kuwait
total of
in l.a
the audacity
a liberal
# merkel
@ rosie
3 million
6 advance
the possibility
a nobel
a little
a firm
to get
# superspreader
the president's
@ axios
of religious
after covid
to assist
in oregon
the inconvenience
among six
# stayhome
enough to
church in
of transmission
@ lbc
12 new
even after
to touch
the planet
and loot
resources to
little more
@ telanganacmo
a bit
another single
to ban
# jammu
yoga as
in la
a lady
and wellbeing
just because
i'm not
# kashmir
10 deaths
to incite
6 people
and healthcare
tool to
@ null
@ 10downingstreet
a victim
next to
think about
# seo
a kiwi
not only
help keep
happy with
to release
looking good
children with
luck to
to decrease
under lockdown
6 staff
@ forbes
over suspected
isolate for
know better
isn't going
nothing more
on facebook
6 weeks
in france
mandatory in
than most
citizens from
next two
0 new
# telangana
to spread
in australia
@ kayleighmcenany
67 new
@ realjameswoods
media w
think i’m
in indonesia
to admit
to argue
to deliver
in austin
covid19 times
to install
many states
if anyone
to discuss
a bust
to tell
a mess
a modern
strain in
because of
@ itsjefftiedrich
# weed
the north
those infected
to cheer
to laugh
crowds at
challenges of
this nonsense
@ oann
go to
# telehealth
the frontline
7 new
a drive
15 new
for example
of color
@ hawleymo
a nasty
as per
to counter
u know
to fix
to say
commentary https
to watch
single one
many of
only place
# beijing
in seafood
old people
a culture
than anyone
@ theage
please continue
reopen on
to defeat
complications of
to own
to take
milestone of
to keep
to promote
therapy for
tally to
to draw
a narcissistic
@ jeremyphoward
away because
warning of
to overcome
please take
few masks
# thankyou
@ msnbc
no room
to reconsider
@ dailynation
# covididiots
to provide
a piece
in ireland
this administration
and they’ll
day average
time to
to remove
# photographer
since before
@ twittermoments
the city's
to break
to confirm
more people
done by
in clearwater
quarantine after
a choice
as though
a hug
a reminder
this interview
lot about
a thousand
except for
in maine
didn't see
more years
80 of
to handle
@ telegraph
growth of
for buyers
# socialdistancing
there’s going
a routine
# investment
@ torontostar
comes from
@ pmoindia
camp after
that's because
@ amitshah
to attack
in nov
@ nra
in sight
performed in
to manipulate
the whole
other words
good article
initiative to
doesn’t get
on stage
a moron
@ myogiadityanath
into phase
no different
in line
anything like
such as
@ bokcenter
a major
@ upi
in washington
@ aoc
an article
interested to
don't need
didn't go
the universe
to spend
@ latimes
all over
to divert
in regard
don't tell
| miami
camps in
so happy
to start
appears on
@ johnshopkins
# deepstate
@ senrickscott
sentiment https
to minimize
the venue
way down
# unitedstates
a measure
# maskssavelives
tracker on
second most
to stem
the entire
more from
this man
more lock
to lose
know someone
a consensus
with 375
since june
@ parscale
in miami
@ uklabour
a blast
same here
to connect
19 exposure
to extend
sense to
in icu
many deaths
to win
or call
to generate
asking for
a waiver
not worth
this reminds
of trumps
many american
series on
speak on
@ mckinsey
in intensive
in southern
to defend
since covid
# blm
in louisiana
# scamdemic
far up
to wipe
| world
to refuse
it’s one
in sc
to adjust
in 24hrs
in yorkshire
a difference
a rogue
the memo
sorry about
full of
the continent
happening with
@ pti_news
@ gop
this picture
# srilanka
centre for
@ thedailybeast
# uttarakhand
a random
antibodies in
of tonight’s
to prove
threat of
of sars
# nyt
# glenmark
spike of
six advance
@ ani
@ abc7
a surprise
@ abc
a car
2 million
it’s going
definitely not
# factcheck
# forex
all along
@ barackobama
really does
a mistake
can't go
@ yashar
in december
more likely
# livestream
don't get
99 of
# covid19pakistan
13 new
a huge
22 new
okay with
in ethiopia
# washyourhands
get past
act with
@ wfp
schedule for
began in
to see
in history
come on
@ dnc
on track
# afghanistan
@ euronews
this fall
to come
coronavirus 2
these stupid
a comprehensive
@ aajtak
likely to
looking to
@ h3h3productions
@ ashtuite
exist in
to accelerate
@ gatewaypundit
a friendly
@ rahulgandhi
to communicate
know about
to punish
of stupidity
@ demetrialesterc
the petition
people dying
by inviting
to flee
podcast for
on 20th
looking like
# galwan
the rest
to cancel
please check
earlier in
to wear
in august
to open
o …
used by
free from
a month
to contribute
in assam
new recoveries
amount of
a clue
# cybersecurity
go again
and conflict
@ jim_jordan
in illinois
@ thejtlewis
of evictions
anything about
support to
# pakistan
to observe
to attend
this photo
@ ltgovdelhi
# coronavirusuk
the ultimate
to oppose
the wheel
in ga
to sign
to feed
79 https
can't see
in place
the sunshine
many more
epicenter for
keep social
come to
to learn
but we’re
the arrival
in nepal
goes to
factories in
centre of
the tip
with strict
back to
in scotland
this evening
in violation
an outbreak
in yakima
in arizona
# oregon
to speed
in mumbai
# bbcnews
# maddow
over delhi
@ senategop
to impose
to improve
# qatar
19 spreads
example of
in tokyo
just re
to join
on eu
meeting on
# rajasthan
on november
to steal
to remind
a single
to form
in trouble
it's important
@ politico
# blockchain
to reduce
# mashrafe
the pan
site at
conducted in
the arena
the state’s
a pub
loan to
of trump's
to reset
a grip
the brink
# facemask
to introduce
win for
and cancer
a trip
in malaysia
this period
rise on
get worse
19 deaths
come next
in hyderabad
aren't going
in dubai
to lead
responsibility to
in kansas
says pm
one place
like i’m
in preparation
to treat
a loyal
to reimpose
# contacttracing
after infection
# saturdaymorning
way to
just weeks
same day
don't die
# coronaoutbreak
sure it’s
a disclaimer
go into
# quarantinelife
a sharp
to reach
@ pib_india
and fitness
this map
# wwg1wga
a pharmacist
@ laraleatrump
after testing
@ httweets
# oncology
a quarter
@ ryanobles
right back
@ nypmetro
@ yahoofinance
and counting
# afl
@ leovaradkar
it's awful
# iran
@ afp
in tampa
any country
locations in
on google
land of
the extent
to close
the heat
# saturdaymotivation
power of
a bonus
shot of
seats in
to find
bit more
severity of
# banking
@ fbi
work during
warning to
side of
the swamp
to engage
to settle
a funeral
@ mohfw_india
next day
this planet
to protest
surface in
just posted
available for
going back
into quarantine
the decisive
to grab
the latter
good work
the main
# klandemic
right before
in sudan
in today’s
1 year
last time
duty https
to arrest
jump to
to signal
to operate
nod to
last daily
top health
@ teamtrump
again amid
to pay
back home
to understand
a reliable
so tired
x https
hydroxychloroquine for
of trump’s
to cut
in mecca
two players
sorry for
# bolivia
new outbreaks
the past
to offer
safe out
for sharing
risks from
outbreaks at
process of
to run
in iran
hard at
to indicate
far from
to listen
a reality
after multiple
whole state
first week
to kill
a moment
on hold
these white
a wonderful
a special
# wfh
military to
breath of
in ottawa
to visit
in dc
a couple
article from
captain over
@ pattyhajdu
to eat
and onne
20 year
to leave
people seem
china didn't
rise by
to manufacture
don't see
# lgbtq
@ maddow
to track
he's not
more like
@ kaitlancollins
a cure
about covid
@ chrislhayes
get tested
don't say
people protesting
in california
in september
to organize
to conclude
to approach
what's going
no mention
to block
# kag
lesson for
this month
25 new
right after
to avoid
sick from
to lift
with respect
# 9news
# photography
in london
@ gopchairwoman
@ news24
a vacation
# maga
a toilet
a nurse
a nightmare
good start
# borisjohnson
same time
a wrap
from europe
on duty
# arvindkejriwal
more at
capacity for
a bunch
and smell
the sheer
so totally
demand to
# blackpink
video on
in melbourne
# podcast
a hotspot
in mid
in comparison
# usa
in san
@ albamonica
@ rescueorg
6 members
of 2m
54,000 in
tyranny https
to build
only two
of crap
rioting in
4 deaths
in parliament
appear to
campaign says
to profit
to ease
warn of
to limit
cases per
to suppress
the beauty
in victoria
but they’re
at today’s
and zinc
us stores
just wanted
the iceberg
streets of
the 6th
courts as
@ housegop
in tn
facilities in
not clear
look good
@ spectator
to distract
more information
by december
a giant
in srinagar
@ timmurtaugh
to begin
to share
to respect
to reinstate
with cancer
at san
right thing
not perfect
to participate
vaccine by
the window
a session
for fifth
of vitamin
tools to
a favor
to follow
a shitshow
notice to
people walking
a great
frustration https
@ covid19tracking
to riot
to cover
04 https
this kind
this feels
a massive
the original
negative to
to receive
the podium
a ticket
via r
to mention
stupid to
over past
to play
to write
to defy
to determine
a large
shelter in
this ain’t
the nation’s
@ variety
in alberta
only thing
first campaign
work because
in china
going into
than two
don't come
from italy
not effective
even close
in northern
to worship
to bed
grants to
and conditioning
to bring
since lockdown
to destroy
to convince
@ zerohedge
comes as
to blame
with potential
to clean
to increase
in addition
in qatar
@ tedlieu
went from
19 figures
and lightning
to cope
a decent
@ hmoindia
looks at
more die
can't work
a speedy
a minute
in touch
to stand
pass on
03 https
in telangana
the heck
use masks
@ vp
going on
the willingness
the ball
on sentiment
in jeopardy
to control
people waiting
way people
day jump
bee https
a dozen
@ washtimes
to hold
country since
plus day
cares more
after spike
a fever
go back
in emergency
to suspend
with 10,000
on schedule
@ drtomfrieden
to resign
to hurt
to practice
in handling
highest since
to pin
cluster in
mps to
so bad
the 2019
to check
to sue
to serve
a vaccination
@ nypostsports
the core
a tree
# chop
a shame
times more
a field
a fool
@ tulsaworld
in benghazi
to catch
to meet
to fly
from corona
the phrase
to encourage
cole of
and mortality
@ healthyfla
the environment
no college
over whether
this isn’t
rally since
nhs coronavirus
towards covid
to announce
to figure
to pass
# nature
don’t do
to develop
to happen
to host
to predict
day one
worse in
the corner
for july
increase to
people acting
firing of
and android
help against
the grim
many died
the opposite
to slow
to push
to stay
to court
to hug
in danger
a guest
a cesspool
trials of
to comment
to pretend
trial after
in wales
to embrace
to postpone
to identify
an increase
to shift
in ni
to kick
to shoot
the rain
a blessing
for father’s
to benefit
the country’s
to suggest
19 spikes
day amid
the outcome
19 cases
1 death
trial for
six staff
and welfare
to invest
to note
to finish
to decide
300 new
built to
# nascar
to square
to add
across six
ground in
@ ivankatrump
quarters of
@ huffpost
an infectious
@ bbcbreakfast
before trump's
the floor
zero new
in rural
matters to
to enforce
to plug
to halt
happened on
mayor of
little to
cases across
claims over
@ drharshvardhan
vaccine before
expertise https
# nitishkumar
@ nypost
to level
this opportunity
to launch
theatres to
making more
yet more
to include
in cooler
to secure
positive before
in saudi
price of
to ride
a load
the exact
a century
death w
@ elisestefanik
hard on
to remain
the irony
19 rules
bottom of
to sell
the uss
of duty
of expertise
continue during
for older
mask because
late for
on espn
some kind
the seriousness
acosta to
and caring
hope to
members in
the deceased
the percentage
to inform
regret to
the concept
deal on
with 19,000
bias with
by age
to strike
criticism https
0 today
@ dcexaminer
of narcissism
# ng
to speak
the norm
secret by
@ hrdministry
to emerge
the silver
mild to
the sears
the gap
charge of
19 pandemic
trials for
lives to
to further
at entrance
@ mayorbowser
6 campaign
the lake
get complete
of misery
protocols in
seats at
that arena
a tale
of parliament
@ gma
to quit
in toronto
as sa
in jail
the ability
helps to
a consequence
centre to
matter to
reduced from
sad to
and peers
from oxford
any better
@ drjasonfung
few more
80 new
calls to
sight https
the likelihood
this sh
a breakdown
less about
least one
the nation's
the prolonged
a sea
with 14,516
in disguise
19 testing
of suspected
of california's
to scrap
to read
in haiti
# lsu
78 https
points to
a shortage
in delhi’s
aware people
the koolaid
to warn
in latin
indians with
offer more
19 isn’t
the southern
to cross
advised to
@ realtimers
anger in
of uncertainty
dish for
to express
of schadenfreude
this episode
per  
in turkey
on hispanic
ai to
in nursing
sites as
just moved
charge at
a resurgence
a symptom
luck with
care during
# resistance
with alarm
arrest of
in brief
soars in
extended for
to hike
to supply
taking to
to switch
to roll
for frontline
early to
contain coronavirus
a preview
19 vaccine
# tee
in western
only countries
a discussion
to sound
  2020
of 14,516
to exceed
of venice
with soap
to focus
in memory
in terms
stakes in
excess of
covid19 6
from south
with 4,049
and conspiracy
in santa
and vehicle
a cloth
@ etsy
as ncdc
to shine
# abcnews
to mcenany
in las
of labor
all three
the onset
and livelihood
to complain
and promotion
to wake
and parcel
place to
to surpass
as san
funding to
fun to
